Log in
Subscribe
Top Stories
Latest
US MARKETS OPEN IN:
H M S
In the news
Dow Jones
-1.42%
Nasdaq
-1.23%
S&P 500
-1.01%
TSLA
-4.14%
FB
-1.98%
BABA
-4.47%
NEWS 6 hours ago
Reps. Paul Gosar, Matt Gaetz, AOC, and Cori Bush have joined 39 other lawmakers to urge Biden to seek congressional approval before sending troops into Ukraine
A bipartisan group of 43 lawmakers has asked Biden to get congressional approval before sending troops into Ukraine.
The lawmakers co-signed a letter to the president despite some having acrimonious histories with one another.
US troops are now in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, amid escalating tensions in the region.

READ MORE

Trump: Putin's justification to invade Ukraine is 'genius' and 'savvy'
VIDEO: Thousands evacuate eastern Ukraine over fears of war
Ahmaud Arbery's killers convicted at federal hate crimes trial
US stocks fall as Ukraine crisis escalates
Queen cancels virtual engagements after positive COVID-19 test
Rittenhouse launches project that fundraises money to sue media
MILITARY & DEFENSE 6 hours ago
Live updates: Biden announces sanctions against Russia after troops move into Ukraine
Russia announced it would recognize separatist-controlled regions of Ukraine and was moving in troops as the threat of an invasion looms.
NEWS 9 hours ago
Ukraine's Western neighbors are preparing for millions of possible refugees if Russia attacks​​
Polish officials said they are planning for up to a million Ukrainian refugees. Meanwhile, Romania and Slovakia are making preparations as well.
NEWS 6 hours ago
Here are the sanctions the US has levied against Russia thus far following Putin's announcement that it would move troops to eastern Ukraine
President Joe Biden announced a "first tranche" of sanctions on Tuesday after declaring that Russia had begun an invasion of Ukraine.

Get industry news with our daily newsletters

Business Insider

Get a daily selection of our top stories based on your reading preferences.

10 Things Before the Opening Bell

Get the inside scoop on what traders are talking about — delivered daily to your inbox.

Insider Sustainability

Get the latest on the culture & business of sustainability — delivered weekly to your inbox.

10 Things In Tech You Need To Know

Get the latest tech news & scoops — delivered daily to your inbox.

VIEW ALL NEWSLETTERS >
Email address
SIGN UP
By clicking "Sign Up", you agree to receive marketing emails from Business Insider as well as other partner offers and accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You can opt-out at any time.
Premium REAL ESTATE 21 hours ago
I just bought my first home, and I got screwed out of $4,000 by a scam that's built into every single mortgage
MILITARY & DEFENSE 9 hours ago
Ukrainian parents brace their children for a Russian invasion, sending them to school with stickers identifying their blood type
Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered troops into the eastern Ukraine territories for "peacekeeping," prompting fears of a wider conflict.
MILITARY & DEFENSE 23 hours ago
Viral video shows reporter in Ukraine covering its conflict with Russia in 6 different languages
Associated Press correspondent Philip Crowther spoke from Kyiv, Ukraine's capital, as events were escalating towards Vladimir Putin sending in troops.
Premium MEDIA 13 hours ago
An Instagram hacking scheme is exploiting people's close friends and promoting crypto scams
Instagram users are being locked out by hackers and some have had trouble recovering their accounts.
TRANSPORTATION 10 hours ago
The largest flight attendants union expects the federal mask mandate on airplanes will be extended past March 18
The federal mask mandate for planes and other travel is set to expire next month, but the Association of Flight Attendants-CWA thinks that's unlikely.
Premium TECH 17 hours ago
3 working moms in tech who've climbed the corporate ladder break down their daily routines and productivity tips
Three women in management positions or higher at tech companies like Meta and Dell share their tips for juggling childcare and working from home.
REAL ESTATE 16 hours ago
CoStar IT workers describe a secretive operation to track whether employees working remotely were at their desks and how they were dressed
TECH 15 hours ago
Crypto scammers are masquerading as lovers on dating apps like Hinge and conning victims out of their entire life savings
Premium MARKETS 16 hours ago
JPMorgan weighs in on whether major growth stocks like Meta, Alphabet, Apple and Amazon are cheap now following sharp falls — and names 7 other parts of the market that look attractive
THE BEST OFFERS FROM INSIDER COUPONS
Start your new project today with the best Home Depot coupon codes.
Work smarter not harder with Staples' variety of discounted offerings on all things office and classroom.
Put your best foot forward with our best DSW offers.
Spoil your pets with deals just for them at Chewy.
MARKETS
TECH
FINANCE
STRATEGY
PERSONAL FINANCE
Premium MARKETS 2 minutes ago
RBC: Hedge funds piled into these 14 energy stocks in the fourth quarter, which have been outperforming as energy prices soar amid heightened Russia-Ukraine tensions
Most of the 14 stocks have gained double-digit this year amid high inflation, geopolitical tensions, and an imbalance between supply and demand.
Premium CAREERS 1 hour ago
'I must have sent over 100 applications with no interview': Stay-at-home moms open up about the motherhood penalty that kept them out of work
Stay-at-home moms are becoming rarer in western economies. Those who sought work after long career gaps open up about the 'motherhood penalty.'
Premium TECH 1 hour ago
Alibaba salaries revealed: How much the China giant pays engineers, data scientists, and designers to stay competitive in the US, with top roles paid over $200,000
E-commerce giant Alibaba employs more than 200,000 employees globally — we analyzed disclosure data to find out how much it pays top technical talent.
NEWS 2 hours ago
A risk modeling firm estimates last week's German cargo ship fire destroyed more than $400 million in luxury cars
The London-based firm said in an email they believed Volkswagen is facing around $155 million in losses.
MEDIA 5 hours ago
The ideal price for a streaming service in the US is less than the cost of Netflix and HBO Max, according to a new survey
A Morning Consult survey found that US consumers' preferred subscription price for an ad-free plan is $12, less than Netflix and HBO Max.
NEWS 5 hours ago
Elon Musk says officials have 'nothing to worry about' when it comes to inviting him to the White House: CNBC
Musk was responding to CNBC's query about the White House's concerns that the outspoken billionaire could embarrass the Biden administration.
NEWS 6 hours ago
Fox News host Pete Hegseth defended Trump by saying his 'genius' comment about Putin was just to troll the media
Hegseth said US media spreads Russian propaganda while justifying Trump's recent praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin.
POLITICS 6 hours ago
One year ago today, SCOTUS ruled in favor of the Manhattan DA to access Trump's tax returns. What's taking this probe so long?
It's been one year since the Supreme Court gave Donald Trump's tax returns to Manhattan prosecutors. Experts say these probes take time.
MILITARY & DEFENSE 7 hours ago
Ukraine is the frontline of the 'battle between authoritarianism and values of the free world,' says a Kyiv human rights activist
Ukrainian activist Oleksandra Matviychuk said that a stronger global response is needed towards Russia.
POLITICS 10 hours ago
Five Democrats appear to reject campaign contributions from Fox News' parent company political committee
While Fox News is closely associated with Republicans, its parent company political committee often gives money to Democrats — or tries.
Premium SMALL BUSINESS Feb 17, 2022, 8:14 PM
From virtual assistants to copywriters, here are 12 of the easiest businesses to start in 2022
There's never been a better time to start a business when it comes to accessibility and overhead costs.
RETAIL Feb 9, 2022, 5:06 PM
I run a bakeshop. Sales are down, costs are up, and the broken supply chain is forcing me to pivot monthly.
"We're doing everything we can to succeed," bakeshop owner Justine Martin told Insider. "But it hasn't stopped getting harder for two years now."
Premium MARKETS Feb 9, 2022, 6:11 PM
San Francisco proposes plan to start taxing its 40,000 vacant homes to punish absentee landlords. Here's how that could help ease the city's housing crisis.
Absentee landlords are "playing the market, but aren't interested in providing housing," says Dean Preston of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
STREAMING Feb 9, 2022, 7:15 PM
22 critically acclaimed documentaries and biopics to celebrate Black History Month
Look back on decades of Black excellence with these movies and shows based on African American artists, activists, athletes, and heroes.
Premium ADVERTISING Jan 26, 2022, 6:49 PM
I work on Avocados From Mexico's famous Super Bowl ads. Here's what the process is like this year.
Since 2015, Avocados From Mexico has had an ad during the Super Bowl. This year, its VP of marketing said it's taking a new approach.
POLITICS Feb 9, 2022, 8:18 PM
A Republican Texas House candidate and former teacher complained that she couldn't let her students laugh at transgender classmates
"I am not comfortable with the transgenders, the kids that they brought in my classroom," Shelley Luther was recorded saying at a candidate forum.
RETAIL 10 hours ago
Police captured an armed suspect following a hostage situation at an Apple store in Amsterdam
Amsterdam police said they hit the man as he fled the Apple store, adding that no explosives were found on his body and he was taken to the hospital.
PERSONAL FINANCE 10 hours ago
The Southwest Companion Pass can get you nearly free travel with a buddy — here's how to earn this valuable perk
The Southwest Companion Pass lets you bring a pal along on flights for just the cost of taxes and fees, and right now it's easier than ever to earn.
MILITARY & DEFENSE 10 hours ago
What the Allies' first humiliating encounter with the Nazis taught them about how to win World War II
The Battle of Kasserine Pass "was probably the worst performance of U.S. Army troops in their whole proud history," Gen. Omar Bradley said.
PERSONAL FINANCE 10 hours ago
Chase Sapphire Preferred vs Sapphire Reserve: Which travel rewards credit card is best for you?
The Chase Sapphire Reserve and Sapphire Preferred are still incredibly popular, but one offers a larger bonus, and the other comes with extra perks.
INTERNATIONAL 10 hours ago
This map shows rebels' expansive claims to Ukraine that Putin just threw his weight behind
Moscow has recognized two "breakaway" regions of Ukraine whose Russian-backed leaders claim more territory than they currently control.
POLITICS 11 hours ago
Trump says 'everybody wanted' COVID-19 vaccines when he was president, despite the fact that millions of his supporters rejected them
"And everybody wanted the vaccine. And once I was out, all of a sudden people didn't want it," Trump said in a Tuesday radio interview.
POLITICS 11 hours ago
Rick Scott GOP plan promises to 'only help countries that are willing to defend themselves, like Israel'
"We will always defend our allies, starting with Israel," Scott writes in the memo, which comes in the absence of an official GOP policy platform.
PERSONAL FINANCE 11 hours ago
You may be able to deduct renters insurance on your tax return if you're self-employed and work from home
Renters insurance is typically only tax deductible if you use part of your home for business activity and work for yourself.
PERSONAL FINANCE 11 hours ago
Rocket Mortgage review: Online lender with high customer ratings, but you'll need a solid credit score
Rocket Mortgage is a good choice if you're comfortable with an online application and have a strong credit score.
RETAIL 11 hours ago
This New York City internet cafe is asking customers for donations to pay its skyrocketing electricity bill
As electricity bills have jumped, one small business manager has put out a donation jar for customers to help cover its ConEd bills.
MARKETS Jan 19, 2022, 6:50 PM
'Pawsitively adorable' Puppy Bowl NFTs are going on sale to benefit Ariana Grande's animal rescue
Discovery is dropping new NFTs weekly leading up to the annual Puppy Bowl that airs on the same day as the NFL Super Bowl.
Premium LAW Feb 14, 2022, 5:52 PM
A law firm built investor networks for women-led startups that have gone on to raise more than $85 million. Here's how.
Law firm Davis Wright Tremaine developed accelerator programs to connect women entrepreneurs and guide them on sales and raising capital.
Premium SMALL BUSINESS Jan 14, 2022, 4:52 PM
2 business owners share how they created a succession plan for when one steps down — and what it includes
Russ Stephens made a plan outlining how he'd pass the reins to his daughter Sky before APB was even founded — including share ownership.
MARKETS Jan 26, 2022, 4:39 PM
NFT sales hit $565 million over the past week. These were the 5 best-selling digital collections.
Total NFT sales volume hit $17 billion over the past year as artists, investors, and entrepreneurs descend upon the nascent Web3 space.
Premium HEALTHCARE Jan 14, 2022, 5:58 PM
Cerebral is trying out an unusual clinical trial for a depression drug that has other companies wary. Here’s why.
Cerebral supplied patients from its subscription-based mental health service for the ongoing Phase 2 trial.
PERSONAL FINANCE 12 hours ago
7 credit card rewards apps that can help you keep track of your hard-earned points and miles
Staying on top of your credit card points, miles, and cash back can get complicated, but these handy tools can ensure you're maximizing your rewards.
Premium MEDIA 12 hours ago
Netflix is hiring for over 400 open roles. Here are the salaries it has recently offered for engineering, marketing, and other jobs.
Insider analyzed US work-visa data to gauge what Netflix pays for content, marketing, engineering, and other key jobs from 2020 to 2021.
POLITICS 12 hours ago
Trump or no Trump, here's how Ron DeSantis can run for president and win, according to Republican campaign pros
"If Trump doesn't run, DeSantis has to run," one GOP insider said. Also possible: Florida's governor runs for president no matter what Trump does.
POLITICS 12 hours ago
Trump praised Putin's justification to invade Ukraine as 'genius' and 'savvy'
"I'd rather see them send soldiers to our southern border," Trump said when asked about potential US involvement in the Russia-Ukraine conflict.
TECH 12 hours ago
The 4 best Amazon Echo smart speakers and smart displays
Amazon's Echo lineup features a variety of smart speakers and displays with Alexa. Here are our picks for the best Echo devices you can buy.
POLITICS 12 hours ago
A Chinese news outlet accidentally leaked its own censorship instructions on Russia-Ukraine coverage: report
A social media account under Beijing News accidentally posted instructions to its Weibo account forbidding anti-Russia or pro-Western content, per The Post.
VIEW MORE
* Copyright © 2022 Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our 
Terms of Service
, 
Privacy Policy
and
Cookies Policy
.
Contact Us
 
Sitemap
 
Disclaimer
 
Accessibility
 
Commerce Policy
 
CA Privacy Rights
 
Coupons
 
Made in NYC
 
Jobs
Stock quotes by
finanzen.net
 
Reprints & Permissions
International Editions: 
INTL
 
AS
 
AT
 
AUS
 
DE
 
ES
 
IN
 
JP
 
MX
 
NL
 
PL
 
ZA