Dismiss
Download the free Outlook experience designed for your phone
Download Outlook for iOS
Download Outlook for Android
Continue to Outlook sign-in
Outlook

Connect. Organize. Get things done.

Free Outlook email and calendar
Create free account
Microsoft
Try premium
Sign in
Email and calendar, together in one place

Stay on top of your most important messages and events.

Email
Calendar
People
Tasks
Search

Send, receive, and manage your email.

Schedule and manage appointments, meetings, or events.

See details about contacts when you hover over their name.

Prioritize your tasks with Microsoft To Do.

Locate messages, people, and documents.

Try premium
Sign in
Create free account
Backed by enterprise-grade security

Outlook works around the clock to help protect your privacy and keep your inbox free of clutter.

Protection delivered by the same tools Microsoft uses for business customers.
Data encryption in your mailbox and after email is sent.
Automatic deactivation of unsafe links that contain phishing scams, viruses, or malware.
Premium
Ransomware detection and recovery for your important files in OneDrive.
Premium
Access to Office.
For free.
PowerPoint
Word
Excel
PowerPoint
Word
Excel

Collaborating is easy with Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. You can chat in real time with Skype—right from your inbox.

Keep your busy life organized

Use Outlook's powerful built-in calendar to keep track of your appointments and schedule meetings with others.

Simplify scheduling by sending your availability
Easily check in to upcoming flights
More accessible than ever

We've designed Outlook.com to be everyone's most accessible inbox, with intuitive voice-controlled navigation, support for multiple assistive devices—and more.

Looking for Hotmail?

You've found it! We've redesigned and relaunched Hotmail as Outlook. We're still committed to building the best free email and calendar.

Welcome
to Outlook

Email and calendar,
plus so much more.

Create free account
Expand your
Outlook

We've developed a suite of premium Outlook features for people with advanced email and calendar needs. A Microsoft 365 subscription offers an ad-free interface, custom domains, enhanced security options, the full desktop version of Office, and 1 TB of cloud storage. Learn about premium Outlook features that come with Microsoft 365

Support Create free account Upgrade to premium
Outlook for iOS Outlook for Android
Microsoft
© 2021 Microsoft
Privacy & cookies Terms of use About our ads Trademarks Contact us