Continue reading the main story
SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
Wednesday, February 23, 2022
SUBSCRIBE FOR €0.5/WEEKLOG IN
Pressure Mounts on Russia as U.S. and Allies Order Sanctions
LIVE
Biden Condemns Beginning of an ‘Invasion of Ukraine’
More countries joined efforts to thwart the Kremlin’s advances. Western officials confirmed that Russian forces had begun crossing the Ukrainian border.
President Biden warned President Vladimir Putin of Russia that more sanctions would follow if he did not withdraw and turn to diplomacy. Here’s the latest.
Will Biden’s Sanctions Hold Putin Back in Ukraine?

President Biden promised sharp new sanctions, but President Vladimir Putin has had years to prepare parts of Russia’s insular economy from penalties.

Analysis: The Limits of a Europe Whole and Free

President Vladimir Putin set down a marker in Ukraine that will test the West’s means to stop him.

See how Russia surrounded Ukraine

President Vladimir Putin demanded Ukraine recognize Russia’s claim to Crimea and relinquish advanced weapons.
Mourners at a soldier’s funeral in Kyiv were somber but largely defiant, reflecting the dual emotions in the city.
As Congress recedes from the foreign policy arena, bipartisan unity on Ukraine is proving difficult to come by.
“None of us should be fooled.” Read a transcript of President Biden’s speech announcing new sanctions against Russia.
The Russia-Ukraine crisis is shaking markets and portfolios, but global markets typically rebound from war and disaster.
ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
Three Men Are Found Guilty of Hate Crimes in the Killing of Ahmaud Arbery

Jurors delivered a swift verdict after a weeklong trial in which prosecutors presented voluminous evidence of the men’s racist beliefs and language.

These are the major moments in the Ahmaud Arbery case.
Elijah Nouvelage/Associated Press, Stephen B. Morton/Associated Press, Octavio Jones/Getty Images
Climate Scientists Warn of a ‘Global Wildfire Crisis’

Worsening heat and dryness could lead to a 50 percent rise in severe fires by the end of the century, a U.N. report said. It urged governments to prepare.

Matthew Abbott for The New York Times
Many in New York Want More Data Before School Mask Mandate Ends, Poll Says

A survey of 803 voters found that nearly 60 percent agreed with Gov. Kathy Hochul’s plan to wait for more data before ending the mandate. Catch up on Covid news.

New York State recently relaxed its indoor mask mandate for businesses. Gabby Jones for The New York Times
United States ›
	Avg. on Feb. 22	14-day change
New cases	81,823
	–66%	
New deaths	1,960
	–24%	
U.S. hot spots ›
Vaccinations ›
Global hot spots ›
High cases
Idaho
Ky.
Maine
High hospitalizations
W.Va.
Ky.
Ark.
County lookup
Mask rules
The Long Crusade of Clarence and Ginni Thomas

The Supreme Court justice and his wife have long battled for a more conservative America. New reporting shows how far Ginni Thomas was willing to go.

William Mebane for The New York Times
Biden Interviews 3 Supreme Court Candidates as His Search Narrows

The White House says President Biden is on track to decide on a nominee to fill the seat vacated by Justice Stephen Breyer by the end of February.

The Supreme Court will hear the case of a Colorado web designer who objects to providing services for same-sex marriages.
Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson won the support of three Republican senators when President Biden elevated her to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Erin Schaff/The New York Times
Mark Lanegan, ’90s Grunge Singer, Dies at 57

Mr. Lanegan, a singer for Screaming Trees and Queens of the Stone Age, was part of a generation of Seattle musicians who put grunge music on the map.

Steve Eichner/WireImage
A Slow Beginning for Effort to Move Homeless People Off Subway

Some of New York City’s platforms and trains had fewer people sleeping on them than normal, but there were still many people taking shelter in the system.

ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
Opinion
MADELEINE ALBRIGHT
Putin Is Making a Historic Mistake
THE EDITORIAL BOARD
Putin Has Made an Elaborate Set of Calculations. But He Hasn’t Planned for This.
Angel Franco/The New York Times
TRACY KIDDER
‘He Wanted to Make the Whole World His Patient’
BRET STEPHENS
Ukraine and the Crisis of American Self-Belief
PAUL KRUGMAN
Do Democrats Have a Technocrat Problem?
KITRA CAHANA
My Father Has Lived Nine Years in His Bed. Her Love Keeps Him Going.
Kitra Cahana
SARAH WILDMAN
Why These 12 Younger Women Are Skeptical About #MeToo and Feminism
OLGA RUDENKO
The Comedian-Turned-President Is Seriously in Over His Head
THOMAS L. FRIEDMAN
This Is Putin’s War. But America and NATO Aren’t Innocent Bystanders.
DENNIS C. BLAIR AND JOSEPH F. DUNFORD JR.
The West’s Delusion of Energy Independence
TRESSIE MCMILLAN COTTOM
Who Do Americans Think Should Pay for College?
As Russia Moves Into Ukraine, What Comes Next?
MARGARET RENKL
Bomb Threats Are Roiling Historically Black Colleges and Universities
ALEXANDRA HOROWITZ
Finnegan, Dog Known for His Exemplary Nose, Dies at 14
ERICA DHAWAN
Ignoring a Text Message or Email Isn’t Always Rude. Sometimes It’s Necessary.
The I.C.U. Patient, and the Family
In ‘Super Pumped,’ the Uber Founder Disrupts His Own Rise

A new Showtime anthology series chronicles the rise of Uber — and the ruthless tactics of its ousted chief executive, Travis Kalanick.

The world is focused on Congo’s peatlands, a natural source of carbon. Its protectors want to know what they’re owed.
We separate the fact from the fiction in “The Gilded Age,” HBO’s frothy period drama set in the late 19th century.
Michelle Groskopf for The New York Times
What Subscribers Are Reading
Montinique Monroe for The New York Times
Black Farmers Fear Foreclosure as Debt Relief Remains Frozen
Schaun Champion for The New York Times
Dating Apps Become a New Target for Crypto Scammers
Katrin Streicher for The New York Times
How Europeans Are Responding to Exorbitant Gas and Power Bills
Stephen Hiltner
Six Days Afloat in the Everglades
Garett Fisbeck/Associated Press
U.S. House Candidate Apologizes for Behavior at Sleepover
ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
Opinion
Listen to ‘Sway’

Is tech’s love affair with Miami about taxes, or is it something else?

Read the On Tech Newsletter

Shira Ovide explains why Apple’s fight in the Netherlands matters.

Send Entries for the Modern Love College Essay Contest

If you’re in college, tell us what love is like.

Listen to ‘Popcast’

Mitski’s albums inspire deep feelings and attract huge audiences, but the artist remains a mystery.

More News
Man Charged With Murder in Shooting at Protest in Portland

A 60-year-old woman was killed and five others, including the suspect, were shot during a confrontation near the man’s house, the authorities said.

Canada Ends Its Freeze on Hundreds of Financial Accounts Tied to Protests

A court denied bail to one arrested protest organizer, and the government said that no more finances would be locked up.

Jurors to Weigh Fate of Officers Who Restrained George Floyd

The three officers at the scene — two of whom held George Floyd down and one who kept bystanders away — are charged with violating Mr. Floyd’s civil rights.

Jeenah Moon for The New York Times
Eric Adams Is Challenged Over His Hiring of 3 Gay Marriage Foes

L.G.B.T.Q. groups plan to protest the New York City mayor’s decision to name three men to City Hall posts who they say hold homophobic views.

Four Are Dead in Helicopter Crash at U.S. Naval Facility in Hawaii
Trump Organization and Finance Chief Seek Dismissal of Fraud Charges
New Zealand Protest, an Echo of Canada’s, Digs In and Turns Ugly
Group Carrying Nazi Flag Interrupts Reading in Rhode Island
Rare Retrial Begins in Killing of American in Greece
Phil Mickelson Apologizes for Support of Saudi-Backed Golf League
Black Transgender Woman Awarded $1.5 Million After Bogus Arrest
Women’s Health
Getty Images
What Scientists Are Learning About Estrogen and Exercise
Getty Images
Why Your Sex Life Declines After Menopause
Stuart Bradford
When Doctors Downplay Women’s Health Concerns
Getty Images
Is a Monthly Period Necessary?
Malin Fezehai for The New York Times
The Invisible Toll of Fibroids on Black Women
ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
Culture and Lifestyle
London Fashion Week Comes Back to Life

Despite Storm Eunice and the absence of big designer names, there was still much to see at the first real physical season since the pandemic began.

Simbarashe Cha for The New York Times
Sasami Wanted to Appropriate White, Male Music. She Chose Metal.

The musician’s first album was filled with electro-inflected indie rock. “Squeeze” has harder music filtered through her unique lens.

Tiny Love Stories: ‘He Was My Mother’s Type, Not Mine’

Modern Love in miniature, featuring reader-submitted stories of 100 words or less.

New Wines From Old Spanish Vines

A younger generation of growers and producers looks to ancient vineyards and heritage grapes.

‘Ride the Eagle,’ ‘Bergman Island’ and More to Stream

This month’s off-the-radar movie recommendations include a few titles from 2021 and charmingly personal documentary portraits.

New York Times Cooking
David Malosh for The New York Times
One-Pot Orzo With Shrimp, Tomato and Feta
David Malosh for The New York Times
Ham Croquetas
Jenny Huang for The New York Times
Roasted Orange Chicken
David Malosh for The New York Times
Creamy Swiss Chard Pasta With Leeks and Tarragon
Yossy Arefi for The New York Times
Pecan Pie Brownies
Recommendations From Wirecutter
The Best iPhone Screen Protectors

A great screen protector will shield your iPhone’s glass while being a no-brainer to install.

This Has Been Our Top Mechanical Pencil Since 2013

Its unique lead-rotating mechanism keeps the tip from going blunt as you write.

Sarah Kobos
How Light Affects Your Sleep

The bigger the contrast between day and night, the better you sleep.

What You’ll Need When the Power Goes Out

No one thinks about a portable generator until they absolutely need one.

ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
Play
Spelling Bee

How many words can you make with 7 letters?

The Crossword

Get clued in with wordplay, every day.

Letter Boxed

Create words using letters around the square.

Tiles

Match visual elements and keep your chain going.

Vertex

Connect the dots to reveal the hidden picture.

Your tracker settings

We use cookies and similar methods to recognize visitors and remember their preferences. We also use them to measure ad campaign effectiveness, target ads and analyze site traffic. To learn more about these methods, including how to disable them, view our Cookie Policy.
Starting on July 20, 2020 we will show you ads we think are relevant to your interests, based on the kinds of content you access in our Services. You can object. For more info, see our privacy policy.
By tapping ‘accept,’ you consent to the use of these methods by us and third parties. You can always change your tracker preferences by visiting our Cookie Policy.

ACCEPT
REJECT
Site Information Navigation
© 2022 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions