We value your privacy
Our site is supported by advertising and we and our partners use technology such as cookies on our site to personalize content and ads, provide social media features, and analyze our traffic. Click "I Accept" below to consent to the use of this technology across the web. You can change your mind and change your consent choices at any time by returning to this site and clicking the Privacy Choices link.

By choosing I Accept below you are also helping to support our site and improve your browsing experience.
Store and/or access information on a device
Apply market research to generate audience insights
Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
Personalised content
Content measurement, and product development
Personalised ads, and ad measurement
 I DO NOT ACCEPT I ACCEPT
More Options | Privacy Policy
The Complete Open-Source and Business Software Platform
Create, collaborate & distribute to nearly 30 million users worldwide
This Week: 16,047,149Downloads 7,714Code Commits
Make Your Projects Come To Life

With the tools we provide, developers on SourceForge create powerful software in over 502,000 open source projects; we host over 2.1 million registered users. Our popular directory connects nearly 30 million visitors and serves more than 2.6 million software downloads a day.

Join & Create

For Developers By Developers

SourceForge is an Open Source community resource dedicated to helping open source projects be as successful as possible. We thrive on community collaboration to help us create a premier resource for open source software development and distribution.

Browse Open Source Software

Find and Review Business Software

SourceForge is a complete business software and services comparison platform where buyers find, compare, review, and buy business software and IT services. Selling software? You're in the right place. We'll help you reach millions of intent-driven software and IT buyers and influencers every day, all day.

Browse Business Software

Open Source Projects of the Month
Staff Choice ProjectLibre - Project Management
#1 alternative to Microsoft Project : Project Management software
Downloads: 12,748 This Week
Last Update: 2021-12-16
See Project
Community Choice PortableApps.com
Portable software for cloud, local, and portable USB drives
247 Reviews
Downloads: 580,238 This Week
Last Update: 5 hours ago
See Project
Business Software of the Month
ConnectWise Manage
ConnectWise Manage is a robust business management platform made for companies that offer, service, and support technology. Trusted by more than 100,000 users, ConnectWise Manage offers a wealth of features that enables teams to achieve greater accountability, operational efficiency, and profitability. The platform comes with help desk, time tracking and billing, project management, account management, agreements, sales and marketing, procurement, and reporting tools.
See Software
Popular Projects
plantuml
PlantUml allows to quickly create some UML diagram using a simple textual description language.
See Project
mwayne's PortableApps
mwayne's Dev Tests for PortableApps.com
See Project
SQuirreL SQL Client
A Java SQL client for any JDBC compliant database
See Project
CesiumOS
Striving for a better Android experience since 2018 :D
See Project
Staff Picks
7-Zip
A free file archiver for extremely high compression
See Project
KeePass
A lightweight and easy-to-use password manager
See Project
Apache OpenOffice
The free and Open Source productivity suite
See Project
Code::Blocks
A free C, C++ and Fortran IDE
See Project
Open Source Categories
Blockchain
Communications
Database
Desktop Environment
Education
Formats and Protocols
Games/Entertainment
Internet
Mobile
Multimedia
Office/Business
Other/Nonlisted Topic
Printing
Religion and Philosophy
Scientific/Engineering
Security
Social sciences
Software Development
System
Terminals
Text Editors
Business Categories
Advertising
Application Development
Artificial Intelligence
Business Intelligence
Collaboration
Communications
Construction Management
Content Management
CRM
Crypto
Customer Service
eCommerce
Education
Engineering
Finance
Games
Government
Healthcare
Human Resources
IT Management
IT Security
Legal
Logistics
Marketing
Multimedia
Nonprofit
Operations Management
Project Management
Real Estate
Retail Management
Sales
Travel
Vertical Market
© 2022 Slashdot Media. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Choices