Stack Overflow
Products
Log in Sign up
Find the best answer to your technical question, help others answer theirs
Join the community

or search content

Want a secure, private space for your technical knowledge?
Get started
For large organizations 
For small teams 
Every
developer
data scientist
system admin
mobile developer
game developer
has a tab open to
Stack Overflow
100+ million
monthly visitors to Stack Overflow & Stack Exchange
45.1+ billion
Times a developer got help since 2008
179% ROI
from companies using Stack Overflow for Teams
5,000+
Stack Overflow for Teams instances active every day
A public platform building the definitive collection of coding questions & answers

A community-based space to find and contribute answers to technical challenges, and one of the most popular websites in the world.

Join the community

or search content

A private collaboration & knowledge sharing SaaS platform for companies

A web-based platform to increase productivity, decrease cycle times, accelerate time to market, and protect institutional knowledge.

Get started
For large organizations 
For small teams 

Thousands of organizations around the globe use Stack Overflow for Teams

Capture your company’s knowledge and context in a discoverable format to unblock your team

Take a tour of Teams
Increase productivity

If somebody somewhere has the right answer, suddenly you have it too. Collaborate better in a remote-first world.

Accelerate time to market

Shorten the time between initial idea and complete product. Take delays and misinformation out of the equation.

Protect institutional knowledge

People come and people go, but if you capture their contributions in one central place, that expertise sticks around.

Ensure your company stays on course

Here are just a few types of technologists that we help.

DevOps engineers
Data scientists
Software engineers

Help engineers be more efficient and streamline knowledge sharing using a tool they already love and trust.

Support teams
Engineering leaders
Annual billing discount
Free
Free
No credit card required
ChatOps integrations - Slack & Microsoft Teams
Your own private space hosted on stackoverflow.com
Structured and searchable knowledge base
Create a free Team

Always free up to 50 teammates

Basic
$6 USD
per teammate / month
Single sign-on (SSO) with SAML + Okta integration
ChatOps integrations - Slack & Microsoft Teams
Your own private space hosted on stackoverflow.com
Structured and searchable knowledge base
Get started

Up to 250 teammates

RECOMMENDED
Business
$12 USD
per teammate / month
All the features of Basic plus…
Long-form knowledge with Articles
Additional integrations — ChatOps, Jira, GitHub & Okta
Group content together into Collections
Usage and adoption metrics
Priority customer support
Content Health tools
Get started

Unlimited teammates

Enterprise
Custom pricing
Let’s talk about what you need
Premium features of Business plus…
Unlimited Teams within your instance
Flexible hosting options — cloud or on-premises
Robust read and write API
Your own customer success and community building representative
99.5% uptime SLA and priority support
Request a demo

Unlimited teammates

A Forrester Consulting study shows 179% return on investment with Stack Overflow for Teams.
The world’s largest telecom firm saved $10M in deflected support cases with our centralized knowledge base.
Subject-matter experts at software platform Unqork had 27% more time to work on projects after using Teams.
You can save time and money with Stack Overflow for Teams.
Calculate your ROI
Integrates with and improves other tools

All plans come with integrations for ChatOps tools Slack & Microsoft Teams in order to cut down on pings, limit distractions and make the tools even more powerful. Business and Enterprise customers get access to Jira, GitHub & Okta integrations.

Some of the premium features available with paid tiers
Robust read and write API
Single sign-on with AD or SAML
Your own customer success representative
99.5% uptime SLA and priority support

Stack Overflow for Teams has been a resource for our entire company. Not only for developers to solve problems, it’s also enabled our sales field to answer technical questions that help them close deals.

Director of Product Management
Microsoft

Engineers should help solve the hardest questions, the unknowns, where being familiar with how the product was built is essential. But we don’t want to keep answering solved problems over and over again. That’s where Stack Overflow for Teams really helps.

Director of Engineering
Elastic Cloud

As we started to use [Stack Overflow for Teams] and saw how nice it was to have a repository of information, we started to see it spread to other teams. Our customer support team started using it, our people success team started using it, next thing we knew, we had [Slack] integrations all over the place.

Engineering
Expensify

What we love about Stack Overflow for Teams is that it’s a very dynamic tool…there’s just so many ways to use this as a liaison between different teams and different knowledge bases.

Software Engineer
Box
Additional products that reach and engage developers & technologists…

Reach the world’s largest audience of developers and technologists

Connecting communities with the specific technologies they use the most

Build your employer brand to attract tech talent

Programming & related technical career opportunities

About the company
Want to work here? Current job openings
Explore technical topics and other disciplines across 170+ Q&A communities

From Server Fault to Super User, much of the Stack Exchange network continues our mission to empower the world to develop technology through collective knowledge. Other sites on the Stack Exchange network further encourage knowledge sharing across topics such as cooking and medicine.

Explore the network

Build a private community to share technical or non-technical knowledge.

Create a free Team
STACK OVERFLOW
Questions
Jobs
Developer Jobs Directory
Help
Mobile
PRODUCTS
Teams
Talent
Advertising
Enterprise
COMPANY
About
Press
Work Here
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
STACK EXCHANGE NETWORK
Technology
Culture & recreation
Life & arts
Science
Professional
Business
API
Data
Blog
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram

site design / logo © 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.2.22.41500

Your privacy

By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy.

Accept all cookies
Customize settings