Accessibility statement
Skip to main content
Sections
Democracy Dies in Darkness
Subscribe
Sign in
Ad
CRISIS IN UKRAINE
Kremlin warns Americans will face financial consequences of U.S. sanctions
A Russian army column near the border with Ukraine, in Rostov Oblast, Russia, on Tuesday. (For The Post)
LIVE
Businesses urged to prepare for possible cyberattacks
Britain pledges to ‘inflict even more pain’ if Russia launches ‘full-scale’ invasion
Psaki says summit between Biden and Putin ‘not in the plans’
Blinken cancels meeting with Russian foreign minister, saying Kremlin is not serious about diplomacy
Biden describes Moscow’s military advance as ‘the beginning’ of invasion
On Ukraine, Republicans are united on criticizing Biden, but not on how to counter Russian threat
U.S., European leaders respond to Putin with sanctions. Can they change his mind?
Uncertainty over what Putin will do next shakes up oil, natural gas markets
In maps, videos and photos, how Russia’s military push into Ukraine is unfolding
Activists in Kharkiv held a vigil on Tuesday to remember Ukraine’s war victims and pray for peace amid a new military escalation by Russia. (Salwan Georges/The Post)
In a Ukrainian city on Russia’s doorstep, Putin’s plans stir deep worries and defiance
By Isabelle Khurshudyan
Risk of uncontrollable wildfires will rise and spread globally, U.N. warns
By Diana Leonard
LIVE: CORONAVIRUS
Access to these updates is free
Mask mandates are over in all but one state as cruises,  retailers follow suit
Photos show the covid-19 emergency in Hong Kong
WHO official says reduced coronavirus testing is concerning
Biden interviews at least three Supreme Court contenders as announcement nears
By Sean Sullivan, Seung Min Kim and Tyler Pager
Trump’s Truth Social’s disastrous launch raises doubts about its long-term viability
By Drew Harwell
OPINIONS
Biden delivers a calibrated response to a threatened disaster
Opinion by the Editorial Board
Biden lowers the hammer on Russia, just as he vowed
Opinion by Jennifer Rubin
Putin is Bismarckian, with a dash of Lord Nelson
Opinion by George F. Will
Kenya calls out Russia, denounces imperialism everywhere
Opinion by Karen Attiah
Black history comes alive with heroism — in Trump Country
Opinion by Gary Abernathy
The Olympic horror show
Opinion by Kathleen Parker


Track covid: Daily U.S. hospitalizations dropped 24% in the past week
Listen: Did Russia just invade Ukraine? It depends on whom you ask.
Carolyn Hax: She said no to hosting a sick dog, and her mother-in-law is ‘livid’
Cook: Beans are the secret to this creamy, garlicky vegan rigatoni
Ad
MORE TOP STORIES
Prosecutor in George Floyd civil rights case says 3 ex-officers chose to do nothing
Closing arguments in the case lasted all day Tuesday. The jury is scheduled to begin deliberating the case Wednesday.
By Holly Bailey
Biden administration suspends right of way for Alaska mining road advanced by Trump officials
By Joshua Partlow
Kevin Flanagan at home with his children, Brian and Meredith, in Seekonk, Mass. (Jesse Burke for The Post)
For low-income parents, no day care often means no paycheck
By Abha Bhattarai and Alyssa Fowers
The CritiquePerspective
The righteous, historic, beautiful, clarifying anger of a Black woman
By Robin Givhan
Phil Mickelson apologizes for recent comments, says he needs ‘some time away’
By Des Bieler
Jewish lawmaker denounces bill in Wyoming legislature banning critical race theory
By Lateshia Beachum
On classified material found at Mar-a-Lago, Garland says Justice Dept. will ‘look at the facts and the law’
By Matt Zapotosky
Post ReportsPodcast
‘The beginning of a Russian invasion’
20 min
Add to:Apple Podcasts,Google Podcasts,Stitcher
GUIDE TO THE PANDEMIC
Mysterious conditions are afflicting Americans after covid. It could signal a looming cardiac crisis.
By Ariana Eunjung Cha
Coronavirus vaccine protection was much weaker against omicron, data shows
DON’T MISS
RetropolisThe Past, Rediscovered
VMI’s civil rights hero: How a White valedictorian saved a Black teen’s life in 1965
By Ian Shapira
From The Magazine
‘The struggle continues’: Spike Lee on racism, conspiracy theories and storytelling
By KK Ottesen
22 of our best stories from the past year
By Washington Post Staff
Perspective
Carolyn Hax: When their college freshman marries, do they end financial support?
By Carolyn Hax
DON’T MISS
Ad
MOST READ
1
Russia-Ukraine live updates: Kremlin warns Americans will face financial ‘consequences’ of U.S. sanctions
2
Trump’s Truth Social’s disastrous launch raises doubts about its long-term viability
3
Analysis
‘Genius,’ ‘Savvy’: Trump reacts to Putin’s moves on Ukraine exactly as you’d expect
4
To expunge his daughter’s murder from the Internet, a father created an NFT of the grisly video
5
In maps, videos and photos, how Russia’s military push into Ukraine is unfolding on the ground
FEATURED VIDEO
(Video: Whitney Leaming, Erin Patrick O'Connor, Salwan Georges; photo: Salwan Georges/The Post)
For civilians in eastern Ukraine, war is already at their doorstep
Original reporting, exclusive scoops and more
Get this offer now
GAME BREAK
Mini Meta Crossword
Up for a new challenge? Solve our twist on a classic puzzle.
Play
POLITICS
(Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds to deliver GOP response to Biden’s first State of the Union speech
GOP leaders praised Reynolds for her permissive coronavirus policies in Iowa and for her fight against critical race theory.
By Amy B Wang
The Texas abortion ban created a ‘vigilante’ loophole. Both parties are rushing to take advantage.
By Kimberly Kindy and Alice Crites
RetropolisThe Past, Rediscovered
A Black woman on the Supreme Court: Clinton wanted to nominate Barbara Jordan in 1993
By Gillian Brockell
(The Post/Washington Post illustration; Spencer Platt/GettyImages; Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images; Stefan Wermuth/AFP/Getty Images; Bill O'Leary/The Post; iStock)
Whatever became of the anti-Trump prophets?
By Ben Terris
The TrailerAnalysis
In South Texas primaries, Republicans find Hispanic candidates — and votes
By David Weigel
Analysis
‘Genius,’ ‘Savvy’: Trump reacts to Putin’s strategy in Ukraine exactly as you’d expect
By Philip Bump
The FixAnalysis
Rick Scott thrusts the GOP back into Romney-‘47 percent’ territory
By Aaron Blake
WORLD
(Stewart Attwood/AP)
‘Superbly preserved’ pterosaur fossil unearthed in Scotland
The National Museum of Scotland said the fossil of a 170-million-year-old pterosaur is the largest of its kind ever discovered from the Jurassic period.
By Sylvia Hui | AP
Trudeau’s emergency powers upheld amid worries ‘Freedom Convoy’ could return
By Amanda Coletta and Amy Cheng
Visual Story
Photos show the covid-19 emergency in Hong Kong
By Shibani Mahtani and Olivier Laurent
Putin says Ukraine was ‘created by Russia.’ Here are the arguments he makes to undermine Ukrainian statehood.
By Robyn Dixon and Claire Parker
The Minsk peace deal and the standoff that started it all
Dutch police end Apple Store standoff, hit suspect with car
By Sammy Westfall
Australia reopens borders to tourists after almost two years
By Frances Vinall
Southeast Madagascar braces for heavy rain from Tropical Cyclone Emnati
By Ian Livingston
China keeps walking its tightrope between Russia and the West as tensions flare in Ukraine
By Lily Kuo
Ad
NATIONAL
Cold blast hits Midwest to kick off busy, stormy weather week
Two powerful storms will trek across the central and eastern United States, bringing heavy snow to the Midwest and rain in South.
By Jacob Feuerstein
Federal lawsuit alleges Chicago police didn’t help prevent military veteran’s suicide in custody
By Mark Guarino
A police officer views the crime scene at Normandale Park in Portland, Ore., on Saturday. (Reuters)
Man charged with murder in Portland, Ore., shooting at protest against police violence
By Bryan Pietsch1 hour ago
Paul Farmer1959–2022
Global heath-care pioneer dies at 62
By Emily Langer
Fox News’ Neil Cavuto says his second bout with covid landed him in the ICU
By Andrea Salcedo
Supreme Court takes Colo. case pitting religious rights against laws protecting LGBTQ persons from discrimination
By Robert Barnes
Joe Tom Easley1940–2022
Prominent gay rights activist dies at 81
By Adam Bernstein
A shooter fired at officers. Police say it was a 4-year-old, acting on his dad’s instructions.
By Jonathan Edwards
CLIMATE & ENVIRONMENT
10 steps you can take to lower your carbon footprint
Small changes alone won't stop climate change, but your actions are still worthwhile.
By Washington Post Staff
A power outage hit McKinney, Texas, U.S., in Feb., 2021. (Bloomberg News)
A year after Texas cold spell, study shows renewable energy could help prevent blackouts
Electricity blackouts could be avoided across the nation by switching to solar, wind and water energy sources.
By Kasha Patel
From snowmobiles to watercraft, power sports equipment is going electric
By Tik Root
The Climate 202Analysis
Court ruling on social cost of carbon throws a wrench into Biden’s climate plans
By Maxine Joselow and Vanessa Montalbano
BUSINESS
Dow sinks nearly 500 points as U.S., E.U. move to punish Russia
Investors are braced for economic whiplash as sanctions add a new dynamic to the volatility that has largely defined trading in 2022.
By Taylor Telford and Eli Rosenberg
Gary Whitesides, co-owner of Auburn Cleaners, works on cleaning up the Alexandria, Va., store on its last day in business in January. (Matt McClain/The Post)
Dry cleaners are beginning to close as the pandemic drags on
By Teo Armus
Biden announces new spending on mineral production to address supply chain challenges
By John Wagner and Amy B Wang
Beekeepers using tracking devices to protect precious hives from thieves
By Daisy Nguyen | AP
TECHNOLOGY
The Cybersecurity 202Analysis
White House cyber czar laying groundwork for big changes
By Joseph Marks and Aaron Schaffer
Help DeskReview
6 things to know about the Samsung Galaxy S22s
By Chris Velazco
Slack and Peloton resolve major service outages
By Aaron Gregg
D.C., MD. & VA.
(Jerry Jackson/AP)
Md. education board votes to lift statewide mask mandate
The Maryland State Board of Education voted Tuesday to allow schools to decide on mask policies.
By Nicole Asbury
Fairfax County executive proposes budget with tax-rate freeze, less pandemic austerity
By Antonio Olivo
A person supporting the “Freedom Convoy” protesters shouts at police officers in Ottawa on Sunday. (Lars Hagberg/Reuters)
As ‘Freedom Convoy’ spinoffs pop up on social media, D.C. region braces
By Ellie Silverman
Metro’s emergency response puts workers, riders at risk: Audit
By Justin George
He was 14 when he was charged with murder. He could be out of custody in less than a year.
By Dan Morse
One injured after small plane makes emergency landing near Dulles
By Katherine Shaver
Capital Weather Gang
PM Update: Some showers tonight into early Wednesday, and turning briefly even warmer
By Ian Livingston
Known coronavirus deaths and cases per 100,000
GOING OUT GUIDE
Review
Tom Sietsema’s 7 favorite places to eat right now
How comedian Donnell Rawlings would spend a perfect day in D.C.
Review
El Mercat Bar de Tapas brings a dash of Spain to Rockville
REAL ESTATE
Prices for D.C. building’s market-rate condos start at $310,000
Perspective
This is what your plumbing vent pipe does and how to identify a problem with it
Capital Remodel + Garden Show in Chantilly, Va., to feature Barry Williams
HEALTH & SCIENCE
Do you think of yourself as an athlete or an exerciser? Here’s why it matters.
By Ian McMahan
Capital Weather Gang
What is wind chill? Here’s how it makes the air feel colder.
By Matthew Cappucci
‘The stigma is winning’: Parents strain to juggle jobs and their kids’ mental health
By Erin Blakemore
Why ‘trauma-informed’ care is spreading from therapists’ office to yoga classes and tattoo parlors
By Emily McCrary-Ruiz-Esparza
SPORTS
U.S. Soccer, USWNT members settle equal pay suit for $24 million
Megan Rapinoe, among the leaders of the lawsuit, called the settlement a “huge win” for the players involved and for female athletes globally.
By Molly Hensley-Clancy
Timeline of the equal pay dispute
A big question for the Caps: Ilya Samsonov or Vitek Vanecek as starting goalie?
By Samantha Pell
Angels center fielder Mike Trout gestures toward a photo of Tyler Skaggs in 2019. (AP)
Trial spilled secrets of players’ abuse, but are opioids really MLB’s next drug scandal?
By Gus Garcia-Roberts and Jack Douglas
Analysis
Best NCAA men’s tournament value bets after the top 16 reveal
By Neil Greenberg
Virginia seeks rare sweep of Duke to boost its NCAA tournament credentials
By Gene Wang
LIFESTYLE
Chef Matt Hill carves a smoked brisket at Ruthie’s All-Day in Arlington. (Deb Lindsey for The Post)
Restaurant Review
Two chefs mess with the orthodoxy of barbecue, and we’re the better for it
Matt Hill at Ruthie’s All-Day and Rich Rosendale at Roots 657 are stretching the definition of American barbecue and how it’s prepared.
By Tim Carman
How to clean moldy outdoor furniture straps
By Jeanne Huber
Patients to doctors: ‘Please Don’t Weigh Me Unless It’s (Really) Medically Necessary.’
By Dawn Fallik
INSPIRED LIFE
Identical twins turn 100, reflect on life of ‘scandal’ and joy: ‘People love that we’re still together’
By Cathy Free
They weren’t looking for love. But they found each other in the bleakness of a fire evacuation center.
By Sydney Page
Driving to work, a restaurant owner saw a car stopped in the road. She went over — and delivered a baby.
By Cathy Free
ADVICE
(Nick Galifianakis/For The Washington Post)
Perspective
Carolyn Hax: When their college freshman marries, do they end financial support?
Ask Amy: My daughter lied about getting the coronavirus vaccination
Miss Manners: Should I report dumpster problems at my apartment building to management?
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT
Sherri Shepherd, left, will take over the daytime talk show spot left by Wendy Williams. (AP)
‘The Wendy Williams Show’ to end and be replaced by talk show hosted by Sherri Shepherd
Williams, sidelined by health issues including covid-19 and complications from Graves’ disease, has not hosted her own show since it returned in October.
By Travis M. Andrews
Sherry Jones1948–2022
Emmy-winning documentary filmmaker dies at 73
By Harrison Smith
Movie Review
Dave Grohl battles demons, literally, in the horror-comedy ‘Studio 666’
By Michael O'Sullivan
Book Review
‘Mad Max: Fury Road’ had an exceptionally strange journey to cinematic glory
By Chris Klimek
Book Review
‘Mercy Street’ may be the last novel about abortion before Roe v. Wade is dismantled
By Ron Charles
Movie Review
Movie about bullied teen is, like its hero, sweet and likable
By Pat Padua
LauncherVideo Game News and Analysis
PlayStation reveals PS VR2, the next generation of Sony’s virtual reality headset
By Teddy Amenabar
FOOD
Skip the oil and butter and fry your next egg in heavy cream for a tangy twist
By Ann Maloney
Teach kids kitchen basics and create memories with these 7 easy recipes
By Kari Sonde
Review
Tom Sietsema’s 7 favorite places to eat right now
By Tom Sietsema
How to use your microwave to bake, steam, fry, proof and more beyond heating leftovers
By Becky Krystal
TRAVEL
Including news and tips from By The Way
7 tips from parents on how to pack lighter with kids
By Natalie B. Compton
Australia reopens borders to tourists after almost two years
By Frances Vinall
In Vegas, this February’s wedding season is 2 lucky 2 miss
By Hannah Sampson
Meet the first woman of color to explore the South Pole solo
By Satarupa Paul
DIVERSIONS
Comics
Crosswords
Mah Jongg
Sudoku
Wordwipe
Horoscopes
Solitaire
TV Listing
Company
About The Post
Newsroom Policies & Standards
Diversity and Inclusion
Careers
Media & Community Relations
WP Creative Group
Accessibility Statement
Get The Post
Become a Subscriber
Gift Subscriptions
Mobile & Apps
Newsletters & Alerts
Washington Post Live
Reprints & Permissions
Post Store
Books & E-Books
Newspaper in Education
Print Archives (Subscribers Only)
e-Replica
Today’s Paper
Contact Us
Contact the Newsroom
Contact Customer Care
Contact the Opinions team
Advertise
Licensing & Syndication
Request a Correction
Send a News Tip
Report a Vulnerability
Terms of Use
Digital Products Terms of Sale
Print Products Terms of Sale
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Submissions & Discussion Policy
RSS Terms of Service
Ad Choices
washingtonpost.com © 1996-2022 The Washington Post
;