Sign Up
Build a professional website that grows with your business.
Create Your Website
Build a free website that grows with your business.

Get access to customizable webpage designs and useful tools to build your website and grow your ideal business. Easily build a free website to help you get discovered and grow your customer base in style. Start today with our powerful free website builder.

Get Started More Designs >
Succeed with the right website builder, from start to growth.
Get Going
Get step-by-step guidance on how to build and launch a website with expert starter guides and planning tools.
Get Started >
Get Online
Get discovered with a professional website. Easily customize with our free website builder.
Learn More >
Get Selling
All-in-one powerful eCommerce tools to simplify order management, shipping, and payments.
Learn More >
Get Growing
Find new customers with integrated marketing tools, from Facebook ads to automated email campaigns.
Learn More >
Freedom to sell anytime, anywhere with Weebly + Square.

Weebly is now a part of the Square product suite. This means never missing a sale and letting your customers pay how they want to. Whether it's at a pop-up shop or your own online store, Square takes care of your payments for you, so you can focus on your business.

Sign Up Learn More >

IT’S YOUR BUSINESS. YOU’VE GOT THIS.

We’re here to guide you through common hurdles when you need it.
Join our in-person events with a community of like-minded entrepreneurs to share, learn, and connect.
Check out our helpful blog and inspiration center for tips and advice that you can use right away.
Learn More >
Get a jump-start on your business and take advantage of expert how-tos, like professional product photography and branding.
Learn More >
1
2
3
Build your website, build your success

From tech hurdles big and small to business growth tips, help from our Customer Success team is just an email, chat, or phone call away. Begin with Weebly's free website builder and lean on us for help along the way.

Grow your business, anytime, anywhere.
Get Started
Product
Resources
Support
Partners
Company
© 2022 Square, Inc
English