Skip to main content
.co.jp
Deliver to
Spain
All
All Departments
Audible Audiobooks
Amazon Devices
Kindle Store
Prime Video
Alexa Skills
Subscribe & Save
Digital Music
Apps & Games
Japanese Books
English Books
Music
Classical
Movies & TV
Computer & Video Games
Software
Computers & Accessories
Electronics & Cameras
Stationery and Office Products
Kitchen & Housewares
Pet Supplies
Health & Personal Care
Beauty
Food & Beverage
Baby & Maternity
Fashion
   Women
   Men
   Kids & Baby
Clothing & Accessories
Shoes & Bags
Wrist Watches
Jewelry
Toys
Hobby
Musical Instruments
Sports
Car & Bike Products
DIY, Tools & Garden
Large Appliances
Credit Cards
Gift Cards
Industrial & Scientific
Warehouse Deals
Hello, Sign in
Account & Lists
Returns &
Orders
0
Cart
All
We're showing you items that ship to ES. To see items that ship to a different country, change your delivery address.
Don't Change
 
Change Address
AmazonGlobal
Best Sellers
Amazon Basics
Today's Deals
New Releases
Japanese Books
Customer Service
Computers & Peripherals
Gift Ideas
Gift Cards
Home & Kitchen
Coupons
Health and Personal Care
Sell
Help & Customer Service

Find more solutions

Security and Privacy  ›  Legal Policies  › 
Amazon.co.jp Privacy Notice

Last updated： 2021/7/1

We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes how we (Amazon.com Services LLC and its foreign and domestic affiliates including Amazon.com, Inc., collectively “Amazon”) collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices, products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice (together “Amazon Services”). By using Amazon Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

Table of Contents

Controller of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
De-Identified Information
What About Advertising?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
Related Practice and Information
Examples of Information Collected

Controller of Personal Information

Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon.co.jp is controlled primarily by Amazon.com Services LLC, PO Box 8102, Reno, NV 89507 USA.

What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon collect?

We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our products and services.

Here are the types of personal information we collect:

Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services. See "Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services" under the "Examples of Information Collected" section further down the page to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services. If you provide us with a third party’s personal information, you will obtain consent from the third party regarding the provision.
Automatic Information: We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of Amazon Services, including your interaction with content and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use "cookies" and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.co.jp on other websites. See "Automatic Information" under the "Examples of Information Collected" section further down the page to see examples of what we collect.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily. See "Information From Other Sources" under the "Examples of Information Collected" section further down the page to see additional examples of the information we may receive.
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?

We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include:

Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services. For more information about Alexa voice services, click here.
Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we are required to collect health related information if you consult one of our pharmacists or registered salespersons regarding certain medications that we sell.
Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services via different channels (e.g., by phone, e-mail, chat).
Advertising. We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads. To learn more, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice.
Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?

To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Cookies Notice.

Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?

Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling our customer’s personal information to others. We share customer’s personal information only as described below:

Our joint use: We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice, with domestic and foreign subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc., controls, including Amazon.com Services LLC, Amazon.com Sales, Inc., Amazon Services International LLC, AMZN Mobile LLC and Amazon Japan G.K., that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Amazon.com Services LLC, is the business operator primarily responsible for managing the jointly used personal data.
Transactions involving Third Parties: We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services. When you place an order from a third party, information related to the order will be provided to such third-party seller, including to sellers located outside of Japan, and such information will be subject to the third-party seller’s privacy policy. We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses, such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer’s personal information related to those transactions with that third party.
Third-Party Service Providers We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers As we continue to develop our business, Amazon might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon and Others We release account and other personal information when we determine release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, piracy protection and credit risk reduction. This also includes sharing safety-related information about products we sell, such as side effects of pharmaceuticals, to manufacturers and others as required by law.

Other than as set out above, you will receive a notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

How Secure is Information about Me?

We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.

We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of customer personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs. Click here for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices, and applications. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
De-Identified Information

De-Identified Information is information about individuals which we have processed such that a specific individual cannot be identified or the original personal information restored. We create De-Identified Information on a continuous basis that includes the following: Email Address, Name, Address, Customer ID, Order ID, Session ID.

What About Advertising?
Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites: Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and app. Third –party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon, including interest-based ads, please read our Interest Based Ads Policy. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the Advertising Preferences page.
Use of Third-Party Advertising Services: We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share your name or other information that identifies you when we do this. Instead, we use an advertising identifier like a cookie or other device identifier. For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download the app again. Some ad companies also use this information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by going to the Advertising Preferences page.
What Information Can I Access?

You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the “Your Account” section of the website. See "Information You Can Access" under the "Examples of Information Collected" section further down the page for list of examples that you can access.

What Choices Do I Have?

If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please contact our Customer Service. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used.

As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in “What Information Can I Access?”. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or device.
If you do not want to see interest-based ads, please adjust your "Advertising Preferences".
The help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Because cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to checkout, or use any Services that require you to sign in. For more information about cookies and other identifiers, see our Cookie Notice.
If you want to brows our websites without linking the browsing history to your account, you may do so by logging out of your account and blocking cookies on your browser.
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in “Manage Your Content and Devices”), device, or application. For more information click here. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls are located in the device’s settings menu. If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
If you are seller, you can add or update certain information in Seller Central, update your account information by accessing your Seller Account Information, and adjust your email or other communications you receive from us by updating your Notification Preferences.
If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and Author Central, respectively.

In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to request access to or delete your personal data. If you wish to do any of these things, please visit here or contact Customer Service. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.

Are children allowed to use Amazon Services?

Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 20 years old, you may use Amazon Services only with involvement of a parent or legal guardian.

Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions

If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of Japan. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to solve it.

Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

Related Practices and Information
Conditions of Use
Seller Program Policies
Help Department
Most Recent Purchases
Your Profile and Community Guidelines
Examples of Information Collected

Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services

You provide information to us when you:

search or shop for products or services in our stores;
add or remove an item from your cart, place an order through, or use Amazon Services;
download, stream, view or use content on a device, or through a service or application on a device;
provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address or mobile number when shopping with us) or Your Profile;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
upload your contacts;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with an Amazon device or service;
provide information in your Seller Account, Kindle Direct Publishing account, Developer account or any other account we make available that allows you to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload or stream images, videos or other files to Amazon Photos, Amazon Drive, or other Amazon Services;
use our services such as Prime Video;
compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists or other gift registries;
participate in Discussion Boards or other community features;
provide and rate Customer Reviews;
specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.

As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as:

your name, address, and phone number;
payment information;
your age;
your location information;
your IP address;
people, address and phone numbers listed in your Addresses;
e-mail addresses of your friends and other people;
content of reviews and e-mails to us;
personal description and photograph in Your Profile;
voice recordings when you speak to Alexa;
images and videos collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services;
information and documents regarding identity, including driver’s license numbers;
corporate and financial information;
credit history information;
device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to automatically synchronize them with your other Amazon devices; and
if you consult our pharmacist or registered salesperson (toroku hanbaisha), etc. relating to medicine, medical devices and the like that we sell, you may be asked to provide information regarding the user’s physical condition (such as your age, sex, health, symptoms, medical history, medicines currently taken, and doctor’s diagnosis).

Automatic Information

Examples of the information we collect and analyze include:

the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet;
login; e-mail address; password;
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and any errors or event failures;
Amazon Services metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information, location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images and files (e.g., file name, dates, times and location of your images));
version and time zone setting;
purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as “Top Sellers”;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website, including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores or stores using Amazon Services.

We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications, and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information.

Information From Other Sources

Examples of information we receive from other sources include

updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily;
account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our affiliates;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services linked with Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud, and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.

Information You Can Access

Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include

status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
your complete order history;
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, and address book),
payment settings (including payment card information, Cash on Delivery, Convenience store / ATM / Internet banking / e-Money payment and Amazon Points, promotional coupon, Amazon Gift Card balances, Mobile Carrier Billing and 1-Click settings);
e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Deliveries, Special Occasion Reminder and newsletters);
recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby Registries);
your content, device, services, and related settings and communications and personalized advertising preferences;
content that you recently viewed;
voice recordings associated with your account;
Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal profile);
If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your account in Seller Central;
If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update your accounts, on the Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP) or Author Central website, as applicable; and
If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your accounts in the Developer Services Portal.

Was this information helpful?

Yes
 
No
‹ All Help Topics
Legal Policies
Amazon.co.jp Conditions of Use
Amazon.co.jp Privacy Notice
Information Provided Under Japans Act on Specified Commercial Transactions
Reporting Unsafe, Offensive or Potentially Illegal Items
Display of Information of Liquor Sales Manager
Information about OTC Medicines and Veterinary Medicines
Non-Exhaustive List of Amazon Trademarks
G201909220
To Guardians Buying a Device Having Internet Connectivity
Amazon.co.jp’s Terms and Conditions
Untitled
Quick solutions
	

Troubles With Sellers

A-to-z Guarantee Protection

	

Your Orders

Track or cancel orders

	

Returns & Refunds

Return or exchange items

	

Carrier Info

Shipping carrier information

	

Manage Prime

Cancel or view benefits

	

Payment Settings

Add or edit payment methods

	

Account Settings

Change email or password

	

Phishing

Report phishing

	

Security

Strong Password

Back to top
Get to Know Us
Careers
About Amazon
Press Center
Sustainability
Community Impact
AmazonGlobal
Amazon Science
		
Make Money with Us
Sell products on Amazon
Fulfillment by Amazon
Seller Fulfilled Prime
Sell on Amazon Business
Amazon Pay
Become an Affiliate
Advertise Your Products
Kindle direct publishing
›See all
		
Amazon Payment Products
Amazon Point
Amazon Gift Cards
Amazon Mastercard
Credit Card Marketplace
Partner Point Program
Reload Your Balance
›See all
		
Let Us Help You
Amazon and COVID-19
Shipping Rates & Policies
Amazon Prime
Returns Are Easy
Manage Your Content and Devices
Amazon Assistant
Help
 
English Japan
Amazon Advertising
Find, attract, and
engage customers		Audible
Audio books read aloud for you.
1-Month free trial available		Amazon Web Services
Cloud computing services		Amazon Outlet
Save on Less than perfect items
 
Amazon Business
Service for
business customers		AmazonGlobal
Ship Orders
Internationally		Book Depository
Books With Free Delivery Worldwide		Shopbop
The very best fashion
from around the world.
Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest Based Ads PolicyTerms and ConditionsInformation Provided Under Japan’s Act on Specified Commercial Transactions© 1996-2020, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates