2515 EN LÍNEA

ENTRAR
 
ÚNETE GRATIS
TODAS LAS MODELOS
COLECCIÓN NFT DE ANIVERSARIO. ¡YA ESTÁ EN VENTA! COLECCIÓN NFT DE ANIVERSARIO. ¡YA ESTÁ EN VENTA! COLECCIÓN NFT DE ANIVERSARIO. ¡YA ESTÁ EN VENTA! COLECCIÓN NFT DE ANIVERSARIO. ¡YA ESTÁ EN VENTA! 
COMPRAR
HISTORIAL
TODAS LAS PROMOCIONES
5
CONCURSOS
Política de privacidad

LAST REVISION: July 20, 2018

PLEASE READ THIS BongaCams PRIVACY POLICY ("PRIVACY POLICY") CAREFULLY. IT SETS FORTH THE PRACTICES OF  ("" and / or "Company") WITH RESPECT TO INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM BASIC MEMBERS, PREMIUM MEMBERS, GUESTS AND VISITORS TO bongacams.com WITH RESPECT TO ALL SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY OR SERVICES REQUIRING A LOG-IN OR PASSWORD (THE "SERVICES"). BY VISITING THE SITE OR COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS AND CLICKING THE "SUBMIT" BUTTON, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

THE COMPANY DOES NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT PERSONAL DATA FROM CHILDREN. IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18), PLEASE DO NOT GIVE US ANY PERSONAL DATA. IF YOU HAVE REASON TO BELIEVE THAT ANYONE UNDER 18 HAS PROVIDED PERSONAL DATA TO THE COMPANY, PLEASE CONTACT US, AND WE WILL ENDEAVOR TO DELETE THAT INFORMATION FROM OUR DATABASES.

The company may change the Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised version in place of this document. The last revision will be indicated at the top of this document and takes precedence over all previous versions. You agree to review the Privacy Policy periodically to be aware of such changes. If any change is unacceptable to you, you may terminate your membership as provided in your Subscriber Agreement. Your use or continued use of the Services following the Effective Date of any such change to the Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of all such changes.

1. Introduction.

1.1. General.

The following presents important information relating to the Privacy Policy. Because protecting your privacy is very important to us, we have established a privacy policy that safeguards your personal information and are committed to protecting its confidentiality. We will limit the collection and use of personally identifiable information ("Individual Information"), to what is necessary to administer our business, provide you with the quality Services, and offer you opportunities we think will be of interest. We will NOT disclose any Individual Information unless (1) we believe that such action is necessary to comply with applicable law or valid legal process (including without limitation search warrants, court orders, or providing assistance to law-enforcement authorities investigating the alleged commission of a crime), (2) with respect to payment processing and billing (e.g., to a credit-card bank may help us prove the legitimacy of a credit-card charge or bill), (3) if the disclosure of Individual Information is necessary to provide services that third parties provide to you on  behalf, or (4) in the event of a sale (of all or a portion of ’s assets), merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.

1.2. Types of Individual Information.

Individual Information is any information, data or records that relate to your BongaCams membership or use of it's services and identifies you or your individual Member account. The three types of Individual Information are; (1) "identity and billing information," including without limitation your name, street address, telephone number, billing information, and any account information associated with your screen names; (2) "navigational and transactional information," including without limitation information about which pages or products or services you access through our Services; and (3) "private communications," including without limitation the contents of e-mail, or private chat room communications.

2. Member Identity and Billing Information.

2.1. Collection and Storage.

We maintain various types of identity and billing information ("Billing Information"), including without limitation, your name, street address, telephone number(s), length of membership, and payment information. We may also keep information on your communications with our customer service department, employees or contractors, and general account history, such as accumulated usage credits or written complaints relating to your account. We safeguard Billing Information from unauthorized access and only authorized employees or agents who need to carry out legitimate business functions are permitted access to Individual Information.  employees who violate Company's privacy policies are subject to disciplinary actions, including possible termination. We may use agents, who are bound by strict confidentiality guidelines, to perform storage, processing, and other limited functions on Company's behalf.

2.2. Use.

We use Billing Information to administer our business, ensure that you are properly billed and to communicate with you if the need arises.

2.3. Disclosure.

Except as set forth in Section 5 herein, our policy is not to disclose Billing Information to third parties, unless required to do so by applicable law or valid legal process (including without limitation search warrants, court orders or providing assistance to law-enforcement authorities investigating the alleged commission of a crime) or as required to process any payments made to the Company by you or Company's bills. When feasible, we do allow our Members to access and verify their Billing Information. We also allow our Members to request corrections to this information. The Company intends to abide by applicable laws governing the disclosure to governmental entities of Individual Information and other records. If we are under a legal obligation to disclose Individual Information to a private citizen or entity, we may make efforts under the circumstances to notify the affected Member(s) in advance of releasing it in order to provide the Member(s) an opportunity to pursue any available legal protection.

2.4. Compelling Obligation.

Although the Company will take reasonable measures not to disclose Billing Information, we may be compelled to do so in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary (a) to comply with the law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to enforce Company's terms and conditions; (d) to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (e) to protect the interests of the Company or others.

3. Navigational and Transactional Information.

3.1. Collection.

We may collect and store certain navigational and transactional information ("Navigational Information"), such as data on the choices you make from the range of available services, and the times and ways you use our services.

3.2. Use.

The Company uses Navigational Information to personalize it’s Services and for programming and editorial research. For example, we may use this information to understand our Members' reactions to menu items, and Services, and to customize our Services based on our Members' interests.

3.3. Disclosure.

Except as set forth in section 6, the Company will not disclose to third parties Navigational Information (e.g., what you view or access through our Services), except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process (including without limitation search warrant, court order, or providing assistance to law-enforcement authorities investigating the alleged commission of a crime).

3.4. Marketing

The Company will use Individual Information collected through its’ affiliates, such as your name, user name, home address, email address, etc., itself or by using its’ third party subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials, concerning the Services as well as products, services, websites and applications which relate to: (i) other companies within the Company; (ii) Company's business partners and affiliates (collectively: “Marketing Affiliates”), which we believe may interest you.

We may also share and disclose Individual Information with our Marketing Affiliates for the purpose of providing you different marketing offers, which we, or our Marketing Affiliates, believe are relevant for you. Our Marketing Affiliates may use this Individual Information for different marketing techniques, such as direct email, post etc. marketing purposes.

You may at any time decline receiving further marketing offers from us or from our business partners and marketing affiliates by contacting us at to support@bongacams.com.

4. Private Communications.

4.1. Collection and Storage.

 computer system automatically records and retains all chat room communications ("Communications"). However, to keep copies of any communications, you should store them on your personal computer hard drive or in print form. You agree that  may employ e-mail virus-checking technology to protect its system and its members from viruses.

TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY, YOU EXPLICITLY CONSENT AND AGREE TO 's RECORDATION OF ALL CHAT ROOM COMMUNICATIONS, AND HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE UNDER STATE, FEDERAL, OR LOCAL LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE STORED COMMUNICATIONS ACT, STATE EAVESDROPPING LAWS, AND THE ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY ACT.

4.2. Use.

 treats Communications as strictly confidential.  does not access, use or disclose the contents of Communications, except in limited circumstances as specifically provided herein. You acknowledge that private communications directed at a person or entity, including , may be used or disclosed by the intended recipient(s) without restrictions relating to privacy or confidentiality.

4.3. Disclosure.

 does not access or disclose the contents of Communications (e.g., e-mail, Member-created private rooms, online communications), unless it in good faith believes that such action is necessary (1) to comply with applicable law or valid legal process (including without limitation search warrants, court orders or providing assistance to law-enforcement authorities investigating the alleged commission of a crime); (2) to protect the rights or property of ; or (3) in emergencies when  believes that physical safety is at risk.  reserves the right to treat as public any private chat room whose directory or room name is published or becomes generally known or available.

5.Retention Policy.

 will process personal data during the continuance of any agreement (contract) and will continue to store only the personal data needed in accordance with the law requirements after the agreement (contract) has expired to meet any legal obligations.

6. Sale, Merger or other Corporate Transaction.

 reserves the right to disclose any Individual Information to any person or entity in the event of a sale (of all or a portion of 's assets), merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.

7. Storage and Processing of Personal Information

Our Company is a global organization, and your personal information may be stored and processed outside of your home country. We take steps to ensure that the information we collect is processed according to this Privacy Policy and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located.

8.Your right to access and correct your personal information

 is referred to in this Privacy Policy as the controller and processor in respect of processing personal data, collected from Basic Members, Premium Members, Guests and Visitors of bongacams.com.

The Company takes serious security measures to grant maximeum protection to personal data against unauthorised access, modification, disclosure, or deletion of data. The personal data transmitted to the Company is always protected by highly sophisticated security system.

The Company guards personal information on electronic and physical levels.

Besides using its own security software and mechanisms,  also incorporates the most advanced security technologies available in order to ensure maximum safety of personal data provided by end-Users.

Company’s employees' access to any personal information is extremely limited and they are bound by confidentiality obligations. Therefore, they might be subject to disciplinary measures, including the termination of their contracts and in serious cases even criminal prosecution should they fail to meet these strict obligations.

Company shall preserve personal data on its’ servers for one year.

The end-Users may have the following rights in respect of processing personal data:

1. request access to their personal data;

2. request that the data be supplemented, corrected or replaced;

3. request that the data be deleted and further processing be terminated;

4. request that the processing of the data be restricted;

5. withdraw their consent;

6. exercise their right to the portability of the data pursuant to Article 20 of Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council.

Contact details of DPO: Tiffany Waldorf, e-mail dpo@bongacams.com

9. Questions.

If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may email us at dpo@bongacams.com, or send a letter to the following postal address:




IDIOMAS DISPONIBLES

English
Русский
Čeština
Eesti
Lietuvių
Български
Latviešu
Polski
Українська
Suomi
Српски
Slovenski
Dansk
Norsk
Español
Svenska
Ελληνικά
Magyar
Slovenský
Română
Português
Hrvatski
Français
Italiano
Deutsch
Македонски
Nederlands
Türkçe
中文
한국어
日本語
हिंदी
العربية
עברית

SOPORTE

Noticias
Preguntas frecuentes
Contactar soporte
Servicio de asistente personal
Política de privacidad
Términos y condiciones
Política de derechos de autor y propiedad intelectual
Publicidad
Vender tráfico


Testimonios
Cámaras de móvil
Mapa del sitio

CONCURSO / DINERO

Top 100 de la semana
Top 5 Premio de tokens
Todas las promociones
Registro como modelo
Registro como estudio
Registro de asociado
HAZ UNA VISITA GUIADA A LA PÁGINA

REDES SOCIALES

Twitter
Instagram
Blog
Telegram
COMPATIBLE CON TELÉFONOS INTELIGENTES

Exención de responsabilidad: Todos los usuarios que emiten en esta web nos han proporcionado por contrato confirmación de ser mayores de 18 años.

18 U.S.C. 2257 Mantenimiento de Registros de Declaración de cumplimiento de Requisitos
© Todos los Derechos Reservados. 2022 www.bongacams.com    Por favor, visita EPOCH y SEGPAY, nuestro agente de ventas autorizado. This site is Managed & Operated by   
    
ADVERTENCIAS
1- Material Sexualmente Explícito:
Este sitio web provee acceso a material, información, opinión, contenido y comentarios que incluyen material sexualmente explícito (colectivamente, el "Material sexualmente explícito"). Todas las personas que accedan a este sitio deben tener 18 años de edad o la mayoría de edad según la jurisdicción en la que viva o vaya a ver el material sexualmente explícito, sea cual sea (la "Edad de mayoría"). No puede acceder a este sitio si el material sexualmente explicito le es ofensivo o si ver dicho material no es legal en la comunidad en la que escoja acceder a este sitio web.

SI AQUÍ ESTÁS BUSCANDO PORNOGRAFÍA INFANTIL, VETE. NO HAY PORNOGRAFÍA INFANTIL EN ESTE SITIO WEB. ENTREGAREMOS A LAS AUTORIDADES Y AYUDAREMOS A LA PERSECUCIÓN DE CUALQUIERA QUE INTENTE EXPLOTAR A LOS JOVENES E INOCENTES.

El permiso para ingresar este sitio web y acceder al contenido provisto a través de éste está estrictamente limitado a adultos conscientes quienes afirmen bajo juramento y sujeto a penalidades de perjurio bajo el título 28 U.S.C. § 1746 y otros estatutos aplicables y leyes, que las siguientes declaraciones sean todas verdaderas:

- Soy un ADULTO que ha alcanzado la mayoría de edad en mi jurisdicción y dónde estoy escogiendo ver el material sexualmente explícito accediendo a este sitio web;
- Deseo recibir/ver material sexualmente explícito y creo que los actos sexuales entre adultos conscientes no son ofensivos u obscenos;
- No expondré a menores o a cualquiera que pueda ser ofendido por el material sexualmente explícito;
- Estoy escogiendo ver y acceder al contenido voluntariamente para mi propio uso personal y no en favor de ningún gobierno;
- He determinado que ver, leer, escuchar y descargar material sexualmente explícito no viola los estándares de cualquier comunidad, pueblo, ciudad, condado, estado, provincia o país donde yo estoy accediendo al mismo;
- No le informaré a los menores de la existencia de este sitio y no compartiré contenido de este sitio con ningún menor;
- Soy el único responsable por cualquier revelación falsa o ramificaciones legales de ver, leer o descargar cualquier material que aparezca en este sitio y entiendo que proveer una declaración falsa bajo las penalidades de perjurio es una ofensa criminal;
- Acepto que ni este sitio web ni sus afiliados serán responsables por cualquiera de las ramificaciones legales que se eleven por cualquier entrada fraudulenta hacia el uso de este sitio web;
- Entiendo y acepto que mi entrada y uso de este sitio web está regida por los Términos y Condiciones del sitio y acepto ser vinculado a éstos;
- Los videos, fotos y diálogos encontrados en este sitio están dirigidos a ser utilizados por adultos conscientes como ayuda sexual, proveer la educación sexual, discursos y comentarios y proveer el entretenimiento sexual;
- Acepto que esta Advertencia y Afirmación constituye un acuerdo jurídicamente vinculante entre mi persona y el sitio web y que es gobernado por las Firmas Electrónicas en Acto de Comercio Nacional y Global (comúnmente conocido como el "E-Sign Act"), 15 U.S.C. § 7000, et seq., Al ingresar al sitio, estoy indicando mi aceptación a ser vinculado por lo dicho arriba y por los Términos y Condiciones del sitio y afirmativamente adopto la línea de firma de abajo como mi firma y la manifestación de mi consentimiento.

2- COOKIES:
Esta página web usa cookies para ofrecerte la mejor experiencia en la página. Al navegar en esta página web, aceptas el uso de cookies tal como lo describe nuestra Política de Cookies.
Continuar
Salir
    