 COVID-19

Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19): Information for NIH Applicants and Recipients of NIH Funding
Applicant/Recipient COVID-19 Update History
CDC COVID-19
Get the latest research information from NIH | Español
☰
Skip to main content
You are here
Policy & Compliance

By accepting a grant award, grantees agree to comply with the requirements in the NIH Grants Policy Statement unless the notice of award states otherwise. Specific policy topic pages listed below expand upon this resource to provide additional context and resources.

NIH Grants Policy Statement

The National Institutes of Health Grants Policy Statement (NIHGPS) makes available, in a single document, the policy requirements that serve as the terms and conditions of NIH grant awards.

Notices of Policy Changes

Notices published in the NIH Guide for Grants and Contracts can supercede information in the NIH Grants Policy Statement and/or provide reminders to applicants and grantees. NIH incorporates these notices into the annual update of the NIH Grants Policy Statement.

Compliance and Oversight

Federal requirements, guidelines and resources for the extramural community involving grants compliance. The information provided on this website is designed to assist the extramural community in understanding the compliance obligations of their grant award, and understand the proper use of grant funds.

Select Policy Topics

The web pages below provide more in-depth information on specific policy topics, including context, resources, contacts and more.

Animal Welfare 

The Office of Laboratory Animal Welfare ensures the humane care and use of animals in PHS-supported research, testing, and training by providing guidance and interpretation of the Public Health Service Policy on Humane Care and Use of Laboratory Animals, supporting educational programs, and monitoring compliance with the policy.

Supporting a Safe and Respectful Workplace at Institutions that Receive NIH Funding

Learn about NIH's commitment to supporting a safe and respectful work environment, who to contact with questions or concerns, and what NIH's expectations are for institutions and the individuals supported on NIH-funded awards.

Application Submission Policies

Learn about the policies that may impact your application submission, including late applications, due dates on holidays/weekends, post submission application materials, continuous submission, guidelines for applicants experiencing system issues, resubmission policies, overlapping applications, weather and other disasters, and more.

Communicating and Acknowledging Federal Funding

Publicizing the outcomes of NIH-funded projects and communicating the role of NIH support in biomedical research improves public understanding of how we, the biomedical research community as a whole, are working to improve human health. This important information for researchers and public information officers (PIOs) describes how to correctly acknowledge NIH in your presentations, papers, posters, and press releases.

Clinical Trial Requirements for Grants and Contracts

If you are submitting a grant application or responding to a contract proposal to NIH that includes a clinical trial, or are involved with conducting, managing, or overseeing clinical trials, learn about NIH policies, and find resources to guide you in your work.

Early Stage Investigator Policies

NIH is committed to the continued support of early stage investigators; they bring fresh ideas and pioneer new areas of investigation. NIH has a number of policies and programs to encourage the support of these populations. Learn about these policies and whether you might qualify as an early stage investigator.

Family Friendly Initiatives

Being able to balance work and family life is important for everyone, including biomedical and behavioral researchers. Learn more about some of the ways in which NIH helps our grantee institutions foster family-friendly environments for the NIH-supported workforce.

Financial Conflict of Interest

The NIH is committed to supporting research free from the bias of investigators’ financial conflict of interest. Learn more about the Financial Conflict of Interest (FCOI) regulation, including reporting requirements, training, and resources.

Human Subjects Research 

Find useful information about proposing and conducting NIH extramural research involving human subjects, including policies, regulations, training and resources.  Learn about considerations for human subjects research when planning and submitting a research application or contract proposal, and throughout the extramural funding cycle.

Inclusion Policies

NIH is committed to supporting clinical research that benefits individuals of all sexes/genders, races, ethnicities, and ages. The information provided on this website is designed to assist the extramural community in addressing inclusion, including the Inclusion of Women and Minorities policy and the Inclusion Across the Lifespan policy, in NIH grant applications and progress reports.

Intellectual Property

Inventions arising from federally funded research are required to be reported to the government agency that funded the project. Learn about the systems and policies related to intellectual property and invention reporting.

Lobbying Guidance for Grantee Activities

A general overview of lobbying restrictions on the work of NIH grantees, along with examples of restricted and permissible activities.

Natural Disasters

In emergency situations, the NIH’s immediate concern is for the health and safety of people and animals in the programs we oversee. We are also deeply concerned about the health of the biomedical enterprise in the affected area, and we are committed to working with researchers and institutions to do all that we can to ensure that NIH-funded research continues.

NIH Funding Strategies

Learn about the NIH budget process, grant funding strategies for each NIH Institute and Center, and more.

Protecting U.S Biomedical Intellectual Innovation

NIH and the biomedical research enterprise have a long history of International collaborations with rules of engagement that allow science to advance while also protecting intellectual capital and proprietary information of the participating countries. These rules of engagement also are designed to limit bias in the design, conduct, and reporting of NIH-supported research. Learn more about actions that NIH, institutions, and researchers can take to protect U.S. biomedical intellectual innovation.

Peer Review Policies and Practices

Learn about the regulations and processes that govern peer review, including management of conflicts of interest, applicant and reviewer responsibilities in maintaining the integrity in peer review, appeals, and more.

Public Access 

The NIH public access policy requires scientists to submit final peer-reviewed journal manuscripts that arise from NIH funds to PubMed Central immediately upon acceptance for publication. Learn how to address copyright issues, post manuscripts that have been accepted for publication to PubMed Central, and include the PMCID in citations in compliance with the policy.

Research Integrity

Learn about research integrity, responsible conduct of research, and research misconduct, including related policies and regulations, and what you can do to promote research integrity.

Rigor and Reproducibility

Key to the successful application of knowledge toward health outcomes is scientific rigor in conducting biomedical research. NIH promotes the highest level of scientific integrity, public accountability, and social responsibility in the conduct of science. This page assists the research community in addressing rigor and reproducibility in their grant applications.

Sharing Policies

NIH expects grantees to make the results and accomplishments of their activities available to the research community and to the public at large. This site highlights NIH policies and guidance on sharing of research resources developed with NIH funding.

POLICY & COMPLIANCE

NIH Grants Policy Statement
Notices of Policy Changes
Compliance & Oversight
Policy Topics
Supporting a Safe and Respectful Workplace
Animal Welfare 
Application Submission Policies
Communicating and Acknowledging Federal Funding
Clinical Trial Requirements
Early Stage Investigator Policies
Family-Friendly Initiatives
Financial Conflict of Interest
Human Subjects Research
Inclusion Policies
Intellectual Property Policy
Lobbying Guidance for Grantee Activities
Natural Disasters
NIH Funding Strategies
Peer Review Policies and Practices
Protecting U.S. Biomedical Intellectual Innovation
Public Access 
Research Integrity
Rigor and Reproducibility
Sharing Policies
This page last updated on January 15, 2019
Technical Issues: E-mail OER Webmaster
 Contact Us  Bookmark & Share  E-mail Updates  RSS Feed  Podcast  Twitter  YouTube


Search  Help Downloading Files Disclaimer Older Versions of this Page  Privacy Notice Accessibility HHS Vulnerability Disclosure  FOIA 
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services  Grants.gov  USA.gov - Government Made Easy 



National Institutes of Health (NIH), 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892
NIH... Turning Discovery Into Health