Skip to main content
Microsoft
Privacy 
Privacy at Microsoft

Your data is private at work, at home, and on the go.

At Microsoft, we value, protect, and defend privacy. We believe in transparency, so that people and organizations can control their data and have meaningful choices in how it is used. We empower and defend the privacy choices of every person who uses our products and services.

At home

Privacy is at the center of how we shape the products and services that customers use every day. We provide privacy resources and controls, so you can manage your data and how it is used.

Visit the privacy dashboard

At work

For enterprise and business customers, IT admins, or anyone using Microsoft products at work, visit the Microsoft Trust Center to get information about privacy and security practices in our products and services.

Visit Microsoft Trust Center
Our commitment to privacy

We ground our privacy commitments in strong data governance practices, so you can trust that we’ll protect the privacy and confidentiality of your data and will only use it in a way that’s consistent with the reasons you provided it.

You control your information

We give you the ability to control your data, along with clear and meaningful choices over how your data is used.

Your data is protected

We rigorously protect your data using encryption and other security best practices.

You can expect privacy by design

We design our products with a core commitment to uphold user privacy.

We stand up for your rights

We fight for stronger privacy laws and protections, and will protect your rights if a government request is made for data.

These principles form the foundation of the Microsoft approach to privacy and will continue to shape the way we build our products and services.

Get more information about how we put those principles into practice.

We regularly publish the Microsoft Privacy Report to keep you updated about our privacy work.
We explain how customers can export or delete personal data in our Privacy FAQs.
We offer in-depth privacy information about our products and services in the Microsoft Privacy Statement.
We believe that the technology we create should benefit everyone on the planet, and the planet itself. Visit the Microsoft Corporate Social Responsibility for more information.
 Privacy dashboard
 Microsoft Trust Center
 Microsoft Privacy Report
 Government information requests
What's new

Check out the latest articles, blog posts, and news from Microsoft about protecting your privacy at home and at work. (Some content might only be available in English.)

Improve workplace privacy with Microsoft Priva

Microsoft Priva is a new privacy solution designed to help organizations build privacy-resilient workplaces, and empower information workers to make smart data-handling decisions.

Learn more about Microsoft Priva

EU Data Boundary for the Microsoft Cloud: A progress report

Read about the important milestone in our journey toward creating the EU Data Boundary for the Microsoft Cloud, and our ongoing commitment to provide customers with robust transparency about our practices and progress toward the implementation of the EU Data Boundary.

Read the EU Data Boundary progress report

Protecting our data infrastructure through some new approaches to privacy

The question civil society, business, academics and governments should be asking is not if we can use data but rather how we can enable responsible data use to create a better world and protect fundamental human rights. Read about how we’re exploring the development of new approaches where needed to enable the responsible use and sharing of data.

Read more about new approaches to privacy

Preserving privacy while fighting COVID-19

As countries and companies focus on technologies such as tracking, tracing, and testing to fight the pandemic, it's critical that we also protect people's privacy. Here are seven principles to consider as we move into the next phases of helping to fight this pandemic.

Review our pandemic privacy principles

To learn about managing your privacy settings, see Privacy in our products and services.

If you are a resident of the state of California, please see our California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Notice for California Consumers.

We’re always working to improve, so if you notice something in our products and services that doesn’t work the way you’d expect when it comes to privacy, please let us know.

What's new
Surface Pro 8
Surface Laptop Studio
Surface Pro X
Surface Go 3
Surface Duo 2
Surface Pro 7+
Windows 11 apps
HoloLens 2
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store support
Returns
Order tracking
Virtual workshops and training
Microsoft Store Promise
Flexible Payments
Education
Microsoft in education
Office for students
Office 365 for schools
Deals for students & parents
Microsoft Azure in education
Education consultation appointment
Enterprise
Azure
AppSource
Automotive
Government
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Financial services
Retail
Developer
Microsoft Visual Studio
Windows Dev Center
Developer Center
Microsoft developer program
Channel 9
Microsoft 365 Dev Center
Microsoft 365 Developer Program
Microsoft Garage
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Diversity and inclusion
Accessibility
Security
SitemapContact MicrosoftPrivacyTerms of useTrademarksSafety & ecoAbout our ads© Microsoft 2022