Click to view our Accessibility Policy
Skip to content
Would you like to visit an Oracle country site closer to you?
Visit Oracle.com España
No thanks, I'll stay here
See this page for a different country/region
Argentina
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
	
Chile
Colombia
México
Perú
United States
home
nav
Oracle Legal
Legal Notices
	
Privacy Policies
Terms of Use
Copyright
Trademarks
Logos
More
Privacy Policies Menu
Privacy @ Oracle

Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business:

The Oracle General Privacy Policy addresses information we collect in connection with your use of Oracle websites, mobile applications, and social media pages that link to the General Privacy Policy, your interactions with Oracle during in-person meetings at Oracle facilities or at Oracle events, and in the context of other online or offline sales and marketing activities.
The Services Privacy Policy describes our privacy and security practices that apply when handling (i) services personal information in order to perform Consulting, Technical Support, Cloud and other services on behalf of Oracle customers; and (ii) personal information contained in systems operation data generated by the interaction of (end-)users of these services with Oracle systems and networks.
The Customer Data Research and Development Privacy Policy describes Oracle’s processing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s artificial intelligence and machine learning activities in order to analyze, develop, and improve Oracle products and services, and for security and compliance purposes.
The Oracle Recruiting Privacy Policy addresses information we may collect in connection with Oracle’s online and offline recruiting efforts.
The Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy addresses how Oracle facilitates the collection and use of marketing and interest-based information to help enable interest-based advertising by our Oracle Advertising customers.
The AddThis Privacy Policy informs consumers about the collection, use and sharing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s provision of the AddThis Tools.
The Dyn Internet Performance Tools Privacy Policy provides information on the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information by Oracle in connection with Dyn’s Recursive DNS service, Updater Client, Gauge web browser extension, and RUM beacons.

Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. If you would like to exercise your rights, please refer to the applicable privacy policy above or visit the Privacy Choices tab for more information.

Resources for
Why Oracle
Learn
What’s New
Contact Us
Country/Region
© 2022 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy
/
Do Not Sell My Info
Cookie Preferences
Ad Choices
Careers