Square
Your cart
Open menu

General

Additional California Privacy Disclosure for Weebly
What You Need to Know About the California Consumer Privacy Act and Internet-Based Advertising

As described in our privacy notice, Square, Inc. dba Weebly (“Weebly”) and third parties that provide advertising or other functionality on our behalf, may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technology to help us advertise our products and services to you as informed by your interests. This approach is called interest-based advertising, which means we tailor our ads to you based on information that gives us a sense of what interests you, such as information collected from your activity on the web, including but not limited to, browsing or purchasing products on or through our websites or on third party websites, your activity on mobile sites and applications, or your responses to our marketing emails.

Weebly does not sell your data, has not in the past, and is committed not to do so in the future. While the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) lacks clear guidance whether this type of interest-based advertising would be considered a “sale” of personal information under that law, we do not believe this information constitutes a “sale” under CCPA.

However, we also want to provide you with ways for you to control the cookies and internet-based information you may share with us. You can always restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by going to your browser settings. More information on how to manage these settings on common browsers and devices are below.

Manage cookie settings in Chrome and Chrome Android and Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in Firefox
Manage cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
Manage cookie settings in Safari and Safari iOS

You can also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.

Please note that cookie-based opt outs are applicable only to the browser and device you use when you opt out. If you wish to opt out across all devices, you must replicate your choices across each device, including your mobile device. In addition, if you clear or delete your cookies on that browser or device, you will need to reset your cookie opt out.

Payments
Square Payments
In Person
By Invoice
On Your Computer
On Your Website
Risk Manager
Payment Platform
Payments Security
Transfers
Merchant Services
Point of Sale
Point of Sale Overview
Square Point of Sale
Square for Restaurants
Square for Retail
Square Appointments
Hardware
Reader for Magstripe
Contactless (NFC) & Chip Reader
Terminal
Stand
Register
Shop Hardware
Rent Hardware
Buy in Store
Compare Hardware
More Tools
Online Store
Online Checkout
Checking
Loans
Savings
Payroll
Team Management
Marketing
SMS Marketing
Messages
Loyalty
Dashboard
Gift Cards
Customer Directory
Inventory Management
Photo Studio
Square KDS
Developers
Developer Platform
Reader SDK
In-App Payments SDK
Online Payments APIs
Documentation
Developer Dashboard
Resources
Pricing
Contact Sales
Support Center
App Marketplace
Small Business Development
Blog
Guides
Seller Community
Events
Service Status
Business Types
Large businesses
Retail
CBD Retail
Coffee Shops
Quick Service
Full Service
Bars & Breweries
Beauty Professionals
Health & Fitness
Home & Repair Services
Professional Services
Square
Home
About
Press and Media
Investor Relations
Affiliate Program
Partner with Square
Careers
Developers
Employment Verification
English

© 2022 Block, Inc.

Privacy Notice
Additional California Privacy Disclosure
Terms of Service
Licenses
Government
Square Capital, LLC Licenses
Block, Inc.