Skip to content
site navigation
H&R Block home page
H&R Block Privacy Notice
Download PDF
H&R Block Digital Privacy Notice

Protecting your personal information is important to us. The following guidelines set forth our general privacy practices and principles that apply to information we collect through the following products and services, which are owned or operated by HRB Tax Group, Inc., or companies related by common ownership or control (collectively, "we," "us," or "our"):




our online and software tax preparation products and services;
our websites and the products and services offered through those websites (including www.hrblock.com, www.makeeveryblockbetter.com, and MyBlockSM, but not www.blockadvisors.com); and
our mobile applications that incorporate this privacy notice.




We utilize administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your information. We protect information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Please see “How do we secure your information?” for more information. If you have any questions about the security of our services, you can contact us by clicking here.

This privacy notice also details choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information.

If you enter into another business relationship with us, or an H&R Block independently-owned and operated franchisee, including through our nationwide network of offices, we will make you aware of the privacy practices and principles that apply to that particular business or relationship. If you transact in an H&R Block or Block Advisors retail office, you can find copies of our retail privacy notices at the following links:

Company-Owned Retail Office Privacy Notice
Franchise-Owned Retail Office Privacy Notice
Block Advisors Privacy Notice
Franchise-Owned Retail Office (located outside the United States) Privacy Notice

This privacy notice does not apply to products or services offered by Wave Financial, Inc., which has its own policies. You should carefully read the privacy policies and any terms and conditions applicable to such products or services.

Special Note to Parents: Because of the nature of the services we provide, we do not market our services to children under the age of 13, nor do we knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.

If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy practices or principles, please contact us by clicking here or calling 1-800-HRBLOCK.

What information do we collect?

As part of providing products and services to you, we may collect information, including personal information, about you, your spouse, your dependents, or your business when you use our services.

Learn More 

Where do we get this information?

You provide most of the information we collect. We also receive information through certain digital technologies when you interact with us. Finally, other companies and government entities may share information with us.

Learn More 

How do we use your information?

We use your information to provide you the products and services you request. We may also use your information, as permitted by law, including: to service and report on your account; offer you relevant information, products, or services; and enhance our products and services. These activities may be performed by us or a service provider acting on our behalf.

Learn More 

Who do we share your information with?

The privacy and security of your information is important to us. We do not sell or rent your information (including your social security number). We may disclose your information as permitted by law or with your consent to other H&R Block companies or to third parties with whom we have a written contract limiting the use and disclosure of your information. We may share your information to support the products and services you request or provide you information on products and services that may benefit you.

Learn More 

What types of web and wireless technologies (including cookies) do we use?

We, and our service providers, use commonly-used technologies, such as cookies or similar technologies, to remember you and to personalize your experience with features and advertisements. We, and our service providers, use these technologies to help us know your usage patterns, track your preferences, and analyze how you use our services. We may receive reports on an individual or aggregate basis based on these technologies. You may opt-out of some of these technologies.

Learn More 

How do we respond to web browser “do not track” signals?

We treat the data of everyone who comes to our websites in accordance with this Privacy Notice, whatever their "do not track" setting. While we do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals, we give you choices about receiving promotional offers from us or third-parties. You can exercise your choices as described in this Privacy Notice.

How do we secure your information?

The security of your personal information is important to us. We utilize administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your information. If you have any questions about the security of our services, you can contact us by clicking here.

Learn More 

How long do we keep your information?

In accordance with applicable laws, we keep your information for as long as needed to serve you, maintain your account, as needed to operate our business, or to improve our offerings or develop new ones.

Learn More 

Business partners’ products and services, including social media features

This Privacy Notice does not apply to products or services offered by our business partners on or through our services (such as bank partners who offer Refund Transfers). You will be able to recognize when a business partner is associated with your transaction when its logo appears or is shown with our logo. You should carefully read the privacy notices and any terms and conditions applicable to such business partner’s products or services. When you request products or services from such companies, you give us permission to provide these business partners with information about you necessary to fulfill or process your request.

Learn More 

Updating or deleting your information

You may contact us regarding your information by calling 1-800-HRBLOCK. If you are a user of our online tax return preparation products or MyBlockSM, you may access your information through those services and, where available, update that information.

Learn More 

Opting-Out

You may choose to limit our use or our ability to share your information in certain circumstances. Our ability to offer you certain products and services and your experience may be affected by your choice. To opt out of electronic communications, click here. To opt out of all other communications call us at 1-800-HRBLOCK. You may, however, continue to receive e-mail communications related directly to the services and products you purchase, such as payment receipts and e-file status notifications.

Learn More 

ACCESSING OUR SERVICES FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES

We process your information to provide the products and services you request and for our legitimate business interests, including marketing and tax preparation fraud prevention.

Our services are hosted on servers located in the United States. We also use service providers located in the United States to bring you our products and services. The transfer of your information to the United States is necessary to deliver our products and services. Please be aware that the laws in the United States may not provide the same level of protection to your personal information as your home country.

If you are accessing our products or services from the European Union, you have certain rights regarding the processing of your personal information. For instance, if the information you provide contains special categories of personal data, we will only process it with your explicit consent, which can be withdrawn at any time. You have the following additional rights:

You have the right to access and correct your information.
You have the right to obtain erasure of your information, object to or restrict processing activities related to your information, or withdraw your consent to the processing of your information after you have provided it.
You have the right to obtain a copy of your information in a structured, commonly used, machine readable format.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority regarding our processing of your information.

If you are accessing our products or services from Brazil, you have certain rights regarding the processing of your personal information.

You have the right to confirm if we are processing your information; to access your data; to correct incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date data; to anonymize, block, or delete unnecessary or excessive data or data that is not being processed in compliance with Brazilian law; to the portability of data to another service or product provider, by means of an express request; to delete personal data processed with the consent of the data subject; to information about public and private entities with which the controller has shared data; to information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial; and to revoke consent.

To exercise your rights, or if you otherwise have questions about the processing of your personal data, you may submit a request to exercise your rights by clicking here or calling 1-800-HRBLOCK.

CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

If you are a California resident, you may have the following rights over your information:

For the period covering the 12 months preceding your request, you may request that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of information collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected that information, and the purposes for which your information was collected.
You may also request that we delete information we collected from you.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights over your information.

You may submit a request to exercise your rights by clicking here or calling 1-800-HRBLOCK. We will request personal information from you, such as your name, address, and last four digits of your social security number, to verify your identity in order to process your request.

CONTACT US

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice, contact us by clicking here, by calling 1-800-HRBLOCK, or by mail through the mailing address below. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

PRIVACY NOTICE UPDATES

We may update this Privacy Notice to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make a material change to this Privacy Notice, including a material change in the way we use any personal information collected, we will notify you by using one of the following methods at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such change: (1) we will post a notice on our website describing the change; or (2) we will send you an email notifying you of the change.

EFFECTIVE DATE

This Privacy Notice is effective January 1, 2021.

©2021 HRB Digital LLC. All rights reserved.

HRB Digital LLC
One H&R Block Way
Kansas City, MO 64105
1-800-472-5625
 Offer Details and Disclosures
The Tax Institute

Our experts share insights
on the latest tax topics.

Need Live Support?
1-800-472-5625 
Find An Office 
Stay Connected:
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
YouTube
 
LinkedIn
Filing Options & Products
File Taxes Online
Tax Software
Tax Offices
Second Look Review
Peace of Mind
Block Advisors
Expat Tax Services
Tax Identity Shield
Audit & Tax Notice Support
Form 1040
Tax Extension
Find My W-2 Online
Guarantees
Tax Pro Go
Small Business Taxes
Refund & Payment Options
Refund Transfer
Where's My Refund?
Tax Refund & Payment
Tax Payment Center
Financial Services
Spruce
Emerald Advance
Emerald Card
Emerald Savings
Refund Advance
ATM Locator
MetaBank Privacy Notice
Tax Information & Tools
Tax Calculator
W-4 Calculator
Tax Help
Tax Prep Checklist
Tax Insights
Free E-File
Tax Reform
About Us
About H&R Block
Company Information
Careers
Buy or sell an office
Wave Financial
Income Tax Course
Newsroom
Investor Relations
The Tax Institute
Commercials & Videos
Customer Resources
Tax & Emerald Sign In
Customer Help/Support
Office Location List
Office Locator/Tax Pro
International Locations
Reschedule/Manage Appt
Mobile Apps
Data Security
H&R Block Reviews
Terms Privacy Notice Site Map Support

Bank products and services are offered by MetaBank®, N.A.
All deposit accounts through MetaBank are FDIC insured.

Copyright © 2021-2022 HRB Digital LLC. All Rights Reserved.

 