Skip to Content
CALL US: 888.486.4722 |Nelnet Businesses
Log In
Search
Search
About Payments 
Repayment Options 
About Student Loans 
Help 
Home > Privacy & Security
Nelnet Privacy Policy Mission Statement

Effective Date: August 11, 2021

Overview & Summary
For Student Loan Borrowers
European Union Residents
State Privacy Disclosures
Online Privacy Policy

Continue reading below to learn about our privacy practices that apply to users of our website and app.

Nelnet operates the Nelnet mobile app(s) and Nelnet.com. This Privacy Policy informs you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the website and mobile app(s). This policy applies to visitors of the website from the U.S. This policy does not apply to information provided to any third-party service provider(s) related to or whose services are incorporated into the website; information you provide to third parties is controlled by their respective privacy policies.

We are committed to providing a useful and enjoyable online experience. This policy explains our collection and use practices regarding consumer information, including how and what we share with our related companies and with unrelated entities. Protecting your privacy is important to Nelnet and our employees. We want you to understand what information we collect and how we use it.

This policy is subject to change from time to time, so be sure to check back occasionally to ensure you’ve read the most current version. It is effective as of the date listed above and applies to our services that link to this policy. Even if you read and/or agreed to a prior privacy statement, you need to review this updated version. We reserve the right at any time, and in our sole discretion, to change or modify this Online Privacy Policy. If any such changes or modifications are made, we will update the “Effective Date” appearing at the top of this web page. These changes or modifications are effective immediately upon posting to the website, and supersede any prior versions of this policy.

This policy governs the privacy policies of this website or the Nelnet mobile app(s) only. Other divisions, affiliates, and subsidiaries of Nelnet list their privacy practices on their respective websites.

We do not sell personal information to third parties. All personal information collected is used by us or our affiliates to perform services, comply with laws or carry out internal functions. If you are a California Resident and you would like to inquire about what type of personal information has been collected about you please email AskPrivacy@nelnet.net.

Our Security Procedures
Children's Privacy
Links to Other Websites and Services
How to Contact Us
Online Policy FAQs
Access Your Account

Log In

Contact Us

Email Mail

Call Us at

888.486.4722

Student Loans

Home
Log In
Contact Us
Your Student Loans
Stages of a Student Loan
Loan Consolidation
Calculator
Get Financially Fit
About Identity Theft
	
Alternative Formats
Federal Student Loans 101
Financial Aid Professionals
Department of Education Accessibility Statement
Guarantors
Lenders
Videos and Tutorials
FAQs
	

Our Business

NelnetInc
Nelnet Business Services
Nelnet Diversified Services
Asset Management
Other Nelnet Companies & Affiliates
	

Corporate

About Nelnet
Investors
News
Careers
Giving Back
Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
Privacy & Security
Site Map
	

Connect With Us

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

WARNING
This system may contain government information, which is restricted to authorized users ONLY. Unauthorized access, use, misuse, or modification of this computer system or of the data contained herein or in transit to/from this system constitutes a violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1030, and may subject the individual to civil and criminal penalties. This system and equipment are subject to monitoring to ensure proper performance of applicable security features or procedures. Such monitoring may result in the acquisition, recording, and analysis of all data being communicated, transmitted, processed, or stored in this system by a user. If monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to law enforcement personnel.

ANYONE USING THIS SYSTEM EXPRESSLY CONSENTS TO SUCH MONITORING.

© 2011-2020 Nelnet, Inc. and Affiliates. All Rights Reserved (Nelnet Servicing, LLC NMLS ID# 1508613, NMLS Consumer Access)