Skip to content
Privacy Policy

Last updated: September 29, 2021

WAVVE’S PRIVACY POLICY MAY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU SHOULD READ IT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING ANY WAVVE’S SERVICES AND/OR WEBSITE

Wavve respects the privacy of its users, and is committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information.

This Privacy Policy describes our privacy policies and practices, and how we collect, process, use, retain and disclose the personal information of users of Wavve’s Services and website: https://wavveboating.com/ (the “Website”). It also provides a brief overview of other non-personal information that we collect and how we use and disclose it.

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices for collecting, processing, using, retaining, and disclosing your information. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your primary choice is not to use our Website or Services, as applicable. By accessing or using our Website or Services, you indicate that you understand, accept, and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

The capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as those used in Wavve’s Terms and Conditions (https://wavveboating.com/terms-of-service/), unless expressly noted otherwise.

Privacy Policy Effective for Canada and the United States

It is Wavve’s intention to comply with the privacy legislation within each jurisdiction in which we operate. Sometimes the privacy legislation and/or an individual’s or household’s right to privacy are different from one jurisdiction to another.

This Privacy Policy has a limited scope and application. The rights and obligations contained in this Privacy Policy may not be available to all individuals or in all jurisdictions. If you are unsure if or how this Privacy Policy applies to you, please contact privacy@wavveboating.com for more information.

What is Personal Information?

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information is any data which can reasonably be linked to a person or household, other than the person’s business title or business contact information when used or disclosed for the purpose of business communications.

What Personal Information Do We Collect?

Your use of the Services and/or the Website may involve our collection of certain personal information, including your name, email address, billing information, and social media profile picture.

You can visit our Website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself, including your e-mail address. Our web server may collect information related to your visit to our Website, including the IP address and domain used to access our Website, the type and version of your browser, the website you came from to access our Website, the page you entered and exited at, any Website page that is viewed by that IP address and what country you are from. We use this information to monitor our Website’s performance (such as number of visits, average time spent, and page views) and for our business purposes such as working to improve our Website.

We also collect the personal information that you choose to submit to our Website, such as your name, email address and any other contact, or other, information that you choose to provide, including through your use of the “Get In Touch” section of our Website. We collect similar personal information if you choose to corresponding with a Wavve representative via e-mail.

When you request information from us, we may use the e-mail address that you provide to send you information about offers on products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. If you have asked us to put you on an e-mail mailing list to provide you with certain information on a regular basis, or if we send you information about our offers on products and services by e-mail, you may ask us to remove you from the list at any time by using the unsubscribe instructions provided with each e-mail, or by contacting us at community@wavveboating.com.

Why Do We Collect, Use, and Disclose Personal Information

Wavve does not sell your personal information.

Your personal information collected is used and disclosed for our business purposes, including:

to present the Website and its contents to you;
to provide you with information, products, or services (including Wavve Boating and Wavve Clubs) that you request from us;
to open and manage your Wavve Boating or Wavve Clubs Account;
to allow you to participate in interactive features, social media, or similar features on the Services, such as community features;
to monitor, improve, and customize our Website, the Services and our customer relationships and experiences;
to meet regulatory requirements;
to enforce our Terms and Conditions; and
to comply with other legal or regulatory obligations.

Your personal information is shared with our employees, contractors, consultants, affiliates and other parties who require such information to assist us with (1) establishing, maintaining and managing our relationship with you, (2) providing features of the Services and/or Website, and (3) improving and customizing the Services and/or Website.

In addition, your personal information may be disclosed or transferred to another party in the event of a change in ownership of, or a grant of a security interest in, all or a part of Wavve.

Wavve may disclose your personal information to other users of the Services when you choose to use interactive features, social media, or similar features on the Services, including community features to share Content, join a group, or make/accept a fleet request.

Wavve may also disclose your personal information to third parties (1) in an emergency that threatens an individual’s life, health, or personal security; (2) when we require legal advice from a lawyer or other professional; (3) for the purposes of collecting a debt or for protection from fraud; (4) in the event of a Dispute; and (5) when otherwise permitted or required by law or in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Wavve’s Website and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from minors (i.e. anyone under the age of 16). If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your minor has provided us with personal information, please contact us at privacy@wavveboating.com.

If we become aware that we have collected personal information from minors without verification of parental or guardian consent, we will take steps to delete or destroy such personal information.

We may collect, use, or disclose your personal information without your knowledge or consent where we are permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements to do so.

Where Do We Process and Maintain Your Personal Information?

Your personal information may be transferred to and maintained outside of your province, state, country or other jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside Canada and provide us your personal information, please note that we may transfer your personal information to Canada and process and maintain it there.

How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Information?

Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulation, we only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.

How Is Your Personal Information Protected?

Wavve endeavors to maintain physical, technical and procedural safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information in question. These safeguards are designed to prevent your personal information from loss and unauthorized access, copying, use, modification or disclosure.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Wavve strives to protect your personal information, we cannot warrant the security of any personal information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once Wavve receives your transmission, we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. You can help keep your data safe by taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.

The security of your personal information is important to us. Please advise privacy@wavveboating.com immediately of any incident involving the loss of or unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal information that is in our custody or control.

Accessing, Updating & Deleting Your Personal Information

You can ask to see the personal information that we hold about you. If you want to review, verify, correct or delete your personal information, please contact privacy@wavveboating.com. Any communication regarding your personal information must be in writing, and you must provide sufficient detail to identify your personal information and the specific correction, verification, or information sought.

If we cannot provide you with access to your personal information, we will endeavour to inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.

It is important that the personal information contained in our records is both accurate and current. If your personal information happens to change during the course of our relationship, please keep us informed of such changes.

In some circumstances we may not agree with your request to change your personal information and will instead append an alternative text to the record in question.

What Other Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?

In addition to personal information, we may also collect, use, process, disclose, and retain other information or Content that you provide while accessing or using the Services or Website, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and Wavve’s Terms and Conditions (https://wavveboating.com/terms-of-service/),

(a) Watercraft and Location Information

When you use the Services, we may collect, use, process, disclose and retain information about your watercraft and location.

We use watercraft and location information for the purposes set out above, including to establish, maintain and manage our relationship with you, to provide you features of the Services, and to improve and customize the Services.

You can enable or disable location services when you use the Services at any time, through your electronic device settings.

(b) Log Data

When you access the Services by or through an electronic device, we may collect certain additional information automatically, including the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, and other statistics (“Log Data”).

We may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze Log Data, including to improve the Services’ functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies governing their use of Log Data.

How Do We Use Cookies?

When you visit our Website, we place a “cookie” on the hard drive of your computer to track your visit. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your hard drive through your web browser that can only be read by the Website that placed the cookie on your hard drive. The cookie acts as an identification card and allows our Website to identify you and to record your passwords and preferences. The cookie allows us to track your visit to the Website so that we can better understand your use of our Website so that we can customize and tailor the Website to better meet your needs.

Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. However, on most web browsers you may change this setting to have your web browser either: (1) notify you prior to a website placing a cookie on your hard drive so that you can decide whether or not to accept the cookie; or (2) automatically prevent the placing of a cookie on your hard drive.

If cookies are not accepted, you may not be able to access or use certain portions of our Website.

What about Links to other Websites?

The Services and the Website may contain links to other websites that may be subject to less stringent privacy standards. We cannot assume any responsibility for the privacy practices, policies or actions of the third parties that operate these websites. Wavve is not responsible for how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information. You should review the privacy policies of those third parties before providing them with your personal information.

What if I am a Resident of California?

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address: privacy@wavveboating.com.

We Will Not Discriminate

We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:

deny you goods and services;
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.

However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentives we offer will reasonably related to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.

Your Consent is Important to Us

By using the Services and Website, you have consented to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as explained in this Privacy Policy.

You may change or withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting privacy@wavveboating.com.

In some circumstances, a change in or withdrawal of consent may severely or completely limit our ability to provide you the Services.

All communications with respect to such withdrawal or variation of consent must be in writing and addressed to privacy@wavveboating.com.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

Wavve may, from time to time, make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in its legal or regulatory obligations or in the manner in which we deal with your personal information.

We will post any revised version of this Privacy Policy on our Website at https://wavveboating.com/privacy-policy/ and we encourage you to refer back to it on a regular basis.

Interpretation of this Privacy Policy

Any interpretation associated with this Privacy Policy will be made by Wavve’s Privacy Officer. This Privacy Policy includes examples but is not intended to be restricted in its application to such examples, therefore where the word ‘including’ is used, it shall mean ‘including without limitation’.

This Privacy Policy does not create or confer upon any individual any rights, or impose upon Wavve any rights or obligations outside of, or in addition to, any rights or obligations imposed by Canada’s federal and provincial privacy laws, or United States federal and state privacy laws, as applicable.

Should there be, in a specific case, any inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and Canada’s federal and provincial privacy laws, or United States federal and state privacy laws, as applicable, this Privacy Policy shall be interpreted, in respect of that case, to give effect to, and comply with, such privacy laws.

Questions or Concerns?

If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy please contact privacy@wavveboating.com.

Home
Navigate
Connect
Explore
Partners
About
Careers
Blog
Contact

Copyright © 2022. Web Design by WebMarketers Wavve Boating Inc