LANGUAGES : 
TOP LINKS
MY CART
0
Toggle navigation
 > Game Privacy Policy

Modulesden & Cooking Games Company brings  amazing experiences and stories to our guests through  applications created to entertain and connect different users from different areas around the world.

We try to offer the best applications for our users, on different platforms and devices, in accordance with our users preferences.

Our Privacy Policy is designed to respect the user personal information. Through our work, methods and practices, we provide transparency so our guests or users can navigate safely and understand exactly what we offer and what personal information we expect from them. 

 

PRIVACY POLICY

The purpose of our Privacy Policy is to explain that we protect the user’s personal  information. This policy describes the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application.

1) User’s consent

This first step is important! Please read carefully!

By accessing and/or using our applications you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this privacy policy. Therefore you agree with the possible collection and processing of your information.

If you disagree to any term provided by Modulesden & Cooking Games Privacy Policy ,you may not access or use the application.

2)Types of Information Collected by Modulesden & Cooking Games

Modulesden & Cooking Gamescollects different types of information, such as personal information, non personal  information or aggregate information ( contains both personal and non personal information).

The type of information collected by Modulesden & Cooking Gamesfollows here: 

Registration information: provided when  you want to create an account (first name and surname, email address, username and password,etc)

Transaction information ( you provide this type of information when you want to purchase a product or additional benefits through our applications)

Some information may be also collected by Modulesden & Cooking Games through party services such as advertising networks, push notification services or others ( Third Parties) and stored on such third parties’ servers.

The information stored is non personal information and may include the following:

Type of operation system

Language

A general location of the user, no city name or street name is collected

The type of devices used

 Type of browser and screen resolution

The non personal information is used  by third parties only for strict purposes( only  for the analyzing of our applications, in order to provide you best functionalities).

Information sent through our message, chat, post or similar functionality, where we are permitted by law to collect this information

Information you provide to us when you use applications,or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account

IP address, when you use our applications on third-party sites or platforms or open emails that are sent by Modulesden & Cooking Games

3. How is your information collected?

We gather information you provide to  us when you want to use our applications, products, or additional benefits,or when you want to find out more information about our applications or about our company. We also collect information when you register with us or when you respond to customer surveys.

It is important to know and keep in mind that when you provide informations to us through a third-party, via our applications, the information you provide may be gathered also by the third-party platform.The information collected by Modulesden & Cooking Games is covered by this Privacy Policy, but the information gathered by  third-party platform is covered by third-party Privacy Policy and practices.

Your information is collected also  through technology, such as cookies. When a user access our applications we may use cookies which store certain information on our Local Storage and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features and make your app experience more convenient and effortless.

Most Platforms allows you to erase cookies or block acceptance of them. Cookies are designed per session and do not gather any information about you, only than your session key. The cookies are removed when your session ends.

4.The  Use of Your Information by Modulesden & Cooking Games

Modulesden & Cooking Games will be the data controller for your information. The use of your information wil be only for the following purposes:

Provide you with products, services and additional bennefits you desire and request

When we need to communicate with you on different matters such as: problems with your account, transactions you will want to proceed;

Your information will be used also when we will send you information you request about our applications, or different changes on our Privacy Policy 

Consistent with local law, we may send you offers and promotions for our applications and third-party products and services,we may also personalize experiences and maybe also content. Consistent with local law we can provide you with advertising based o your activity on our applications.

We may use your information to optimize or improve our products, services and operations, or to detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal

5. Sharing Your Information with Other Companies

We will not share your personal information outside  Modulesden & Cooking Games Company, except when you allow us to share your personal information with other companies carefully selected, so you may benefit their offers and promotions about their products and services. 

Please take in consieration that once we share your personal information with your approval, with another company, the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices. Your personal information will be also used by companies that perform services on our behalf ( for example delivery and customer service); these companies are not allowed to use your personal information in other purposes, other those requested by Modulesden & Cooking Games or required by law.

When companies perform services on our behalf, like package delivery and customer service; however, these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law

6. User Controls and Choices

 You have the ability to exercise different controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information, such as:

You may correct, update and delete your registration account and also change your choices for subscriptions, newsletters and alerts

You may choose if you still want to receive offers and promotions from us, for our products and services, or you want to stop this process

You can choose if you want us to share your personal information with other companies with the purpose of receving offers and promotions

7. The Privacy of your Children

We need to provide protection for the personal information we may collect from children through our applications. There are features on our applications that are not available for use by children, and we do not collect personal information in connection with those features.

When we desire to collect personal information from children, we take additional steps to protect children’s privacy, such as notifying parents or legal guardians about our information practices regarding to children, or obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children (in accordance with the law).

Another important step in protecting the children personal information is to give parents or legal guardians the chance to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and change it or even erase it, if it considered necessary.

8. Security

We take great care in maintaining the security, integrity and confidentiality of your information. We try to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure use or modification of your personal information through industry standard technologies and internal procedures.

Although we take all the protection measures, we can not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.

9. Changes to this Privacy Policy

The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of applications and any information collected therein. 

If there will be some changes to this privacy policy, to acommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes, we will provide notice to you.




BECOME A PREFERRED SUBSCRIBER &

GET 10% OFF

Be the first to learn about promotions special events, new arrivals & more.

CATEGORIES
PRESTASHOP MODULES ()
MY ACCOUNT
MY ORDERS
MY CREDIT SLIPS
MY ADDRESSES
MY PERSONAL INFO
INFORMATION
SPECIALS
NEW PRODUCTS
BEST SELLERS
CONTACT US
SITEMAP
OUR PARTNERS
COOKING ACADEMY RECIPES
FREE ANDROID GAMES
LIVE CRYPTOCURRENCY TRADING
FREE IPHONE GAMES ONLINE
PREMIUM PRESTASHOP MODULES

© 2015 ModulesDen. All Rights Reserved.