BROWSE SEARCH BUY DVDS TEACH PURCHASES
START FREE TRIAL
SIGN IN
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: March 22, 2021
1. OVERVIEW
This is the Privacy Policy of Two Little Hands Productions LLC. ( “TLH” or “the Company”) provides an online platform (“My Signing Time”, “Signing Time”, or “our service”) that allows the My Signing Time program to be used by consumers.
Consumers: In order to access My Signing Time, a consumer (“you”) must create an account on the My Signing Time platform. By creating an account, you agree to provide certain personal information to Two Little Hands Productions. When the Company collects, stores and processes that information, it does so solely on behalf of the Company. Your information is defined in the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Acceptance: By using our service you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. Your continued use of our services constitutes your agreement to any updated Privacy Policy on a prospective basis.
2. ACCOUNT SECURITY
We use security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and unauthorized alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent disruptions or unauthorized access from occurring.
You are solely responsible for (a) maintaining the security of your account(s) and (b) all activity that occurs under your account(s). You must notify us immediately if you suspect any unauthorized access to or use of your account(s). If you forget your account login information, you may request that we send it to the email address associated with your account(s).
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Consumer Information: Two Little Hands Productions may collect information from and about you, such as: your account registration information, such as your name and email address, group’s or organization’s authorized purchase order, billing address, phone number, and other information needed to invoice your company; your purchase and free-trial sign-up history; traffic source (e.g., how you found My Signing Time); and your general geographic location (based upon IP address).
Payment Information: If you make a purchase or sign up through the My Signing Time platform, you must provide valid payment information. This information is collected directly by our payment vendors and is not received or stored by Two Little Hands Productions.
Purchase Orders: We accept purchase orders from authorized organizations. We accept only official purchase orders from organizations. Our terms are NET 30. For information on purchasing with a purchase order, please contact orders@twolittlehands.com.
Information Collected Automatically: Two Little Hands Productions collects information about your use of our websites and applications. This may include your activities, your IP address, location information, your browser type, your Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, your operating system or device type, date/time stamps, and related metadata.
Comments: You may choose to post a comment or participate in a forum, where available. This information will be available to the public. You may also choose to provide other information about yourself in connection with surveys, contests, special offers, customer support inquiries, and other communications with us.
4. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES AND THIRD-PARTY DATA COLLECTION
Tracking Technologies: Two Little Hands Productions uses standard tracking technologies such as pixels and cookies to track user activity on the My Signing Time platform. For more information about cookies, please see our Cookie Policy below.
Analytics and Advertising: We use third-party analytics services to collect data about usage of our services (including advertising agencies, and networks) to collect data. Third-party analytics providers and advertising companies may use cookies to track your activities.
5. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Two Little Hands Productions may use the information collected about you to: fulfill your orders and deliver video, and other services to you; provide customer support to you; analyze how our services are being used; communicate with you; verify your eligibility to make purchases and participate in offers; collect any debts, prevent fraud, and otherwise protect the integrity of our systems; enforce our legal rights; perform any functions described at the time of collection; and otherwise operate our business.
6. DISCLOSURES TO THIRD PARTIES
Two Little Hands Productions does not sell or distribute your email to third-parties, however we may disclose information about you as follows:
Authorized Service Providers: We may disclose your information to service providers involved in operating the My Signing Time Service. This includes our operating platform Vimeo, payment providers, email service providers, content delivery networks, cloud storage providers, analytics companies, and professionals such as accountants and lawyers.
Legal Situations: We may disclose your information when we believe in good faith that (i) disclosure is required by a search warrant, subpoena (whether criminal or civil), civil investigative demand, court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; (ii) disclosure is appropriate and necessary to report a suspected crime (including any case of suspected child exploitation) or prevent physical harm to an individual or property; (iii) disclosure is appropriate and necessary to enforce our rights; and (iv) disclosure is required by law.
To the Public: We may publicly disclose aggregated user statistics and other information, which is not considered personal information.
7. EMAILS
When you create an account, you may receive certain emails:
Emails from other Two Little Hands entities: When you make a purchase, you may agree to receive additional emails.
● Two Little Hands Productions may send emails concerning the availability of new video programming. If you decide you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may opt out as instructed in each email or in your account settings.
● Two Little Hands may email you about other services that we offer that you may be interested in about other company owned businesses (Signing Time, My Signing Time, Sign It ASL). To opt out of emails sent directly to you, please follow the opt-out instructions set forth in the email.
● We do not sell, share, or distribute your information or email address to third-parties.
8. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You may change your account information by logging into your account and selecting account settings. You may close your account by emailing info@twolittlehands.com. Please state the reason you want to close the account. If you close an account, you may lose access to video programming, grades, and course progress information. We may preserve your account information (i) for a period of time in case of accidental deletion or in case you change your mind; and (ii) where we believe in good faith that preservation is required by law or necessary to enforce our rights.
The following rights apply only to the extent Two Little Hands Productions is subject to the GDPR (for EEA users) and/or the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (the “CCPA”) (for California users).
EEA Users:
Users from the EEA have the right to: opt out of cookies (see our Cookie Policy below); access, correct, delete, restrict or object to our use of their personal data; be forgotten; and data portability. For the most part, we enable exercise of these rights directly through the Sign It ASL service.
If you require assistance or have a specific request that is not presently covered by our product features, please contact us. We may require additional information from you to fulfil your requests. We may charge a reasonable fee if your request imposes an unreasonable cost. We will afford UK-based users with all rights available to EU users, regardless of the UK’s EU member status.
California Users:
Users from California have the right to: request information about the categories and sources of personal information collected about you, and the associated purposes for collection and third-party disclosures; request a copy of your personal information; request deletion of your personal information. There is no need to opt out of the sale of your personal information, as we do not sell, share, or distribute your personal information.
To exercise your right to access or delete your personal information, we must be able to verify your identity as the owner of the account you are inquiring about. We may not be able to fulfill your request until we can do so. Although you do not need to have an account to submit a request, we may not be able to locate certain information to process your request if you don’t have one.
Nevada Users:
Nevada residents have the right to opt out of the sale of certain "covered information" collected by operators of websites or online services. We currently do not sell covered information, as "sale" is defined by such law, and we don't have plans to sell this information.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Two Little Hands Productions does not knowingly collect any personal information from individuals under the age of 13. To use My Signing Time, a login name and email address is all that we ask you to provide. A login name can be the child’s name as authorized by the parent/guardian, or a fictitious name that is chosen. We do not collect address, phone number, or personal information of minors.
10. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
We may provide links to third-party websites within the Two Little Hands Productions companies and applications. We refer you to the privacy policies for information on the respective privacy practices on those other sites.
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint. We encourage you to begin by contacting us at info@twolittlehands.com. We endeavor to respond to requests promptly.
E.U. residents have the right to lodge complaints with the data protection authority of their country of residence.
12. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Two Little Hands Productions, LLC
P.O. Box 9132
Midvale, UT 84047
info@twolittlehands.com






Cookie Policy



Cookies
Our Privacy Policy explains our principles when it comes to the collection, processing, and storage of your information. The Cookie Policy specifically explains how we, our partners, and users of our services deploy cookies, as well as the options you have to control them.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data, stored in text files, that are stored on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to ‘remember’ you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a ‘session cookie’) or for multiple repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’). They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors, and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in. Cookies may be set by the site that you are visiting (known as ‘first party cookies’), or by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the website (‘third party cookies’).
Cookies Policy
We use cookies for a number of different purposes. Some cookies are necessary for technical reasons; some enable a personalized experience for both visitors and registered users; and some allow the display of advertising from selected third party networks. Some of these cookies may be set when a page is loaded, or when a visitor takes a particular action (clicking the ‘like’ or ‘follow’ button on a post, for example).
Below the different categories of cookies set are outlined. This includes their name and purpose. Certain cookies are only set for logged-in visitors, whereas others are set for any visitors, and these are marked below accordingly. Where a cookie only applies to specific subdomains, they are included under the relevant header.
Strictly Necessary: These are the cookies that are essential for us to perform basic functions. These include those required to allow registered users to authenticate and perform account related functions.
Functionality: These cookies are used to store preferences set by users such as account name, language, and location.
Performance: Performance cookies collect information on how users interact with websites hosted on us, including what pages are visited most, as well as other analytical data. These details are only used to improve how the website functions.
Tracking: These are set by trusted third party networks (e.g. Google Analytics) to track details such as the number of unique visitors, and pageviews to help improve the user experience.
Third Party/Embedded Content: We make use of different third party applications and services to enhance the experience of website visitors. These include social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter (through the use of sharing buttons), or embedded content from YouTube and Vimeo. As a result, cookies may be set by these third parties, and used by them to track your online activity. We have no direct control over the information that is collected by these cookies.
Controlling Cookies
Visitors may wish to restrict the use of cookies, or completely prevent them from being set. Most browsers provide for ways to control cookie behavior such as the length of time they are stored, either through built-in functionality or by utilizing third party plugins.
To find out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit aboutcookies.org. For more details on advertising cookies, and how to manage them, visit youronlinechoices.eu (EU based), or aboutads.info (US based).
Some specific opt-out programs are available here:
Google Analytics - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Restricting or disabling the use of cookies can limit the functionality of sites, or prevent them from working correctly at all.
Help Terms Privacy Cookies Sign in
Language:
English
Español
Português
POWERED BY VIMEO

We use cookies to give you the best experience possible. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies. See more in our Cookies Policy.

Okay