Privacy Policy
Brilliant Business Agency LLC

Last updated: November 20, 2021

Brilliant Business Agency LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Ring My Stylist mobile application (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.

We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Brilliant Business Agency LLC provides mobile application services (Ring My Stylist mobile app) for booking appointments. Headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada, we provide mobile app to our customers (“Services”).

Brilliant Business Agency LLC respects the privacy of every individual who visits www.ringmystylist.com (“Website”) . This Privacy Policy is our commitment to transparency in communicating how we collect, uses, and disclose the information that is collected from you, the visitor of its website and/or customer as well as the choices you have with respect to the information.

Information Collection And Use

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number, postal address ("Personal Information").

We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries,, and improving our services.

Import Your Contacts

Why does Ring My Stylist use your data?
It is important that you understand what information Ring My Stylist collects and uses; to help you add your clients into the app.
This is what we collect if it is available when you import a contact from your phone agenda: First Name, Last Name, Phone Number.
This action is not required. You can manually type in the clients. When you are prompted to allow Ring My Stylist to access contacts, you simply tap DENY if you want to manually add your clients.


Customers

Brilliant Business Agency LLC / www.ringmystylist.com asks for your account information which includes your name, business name, email address, physical address, phone number, credit card and bank account information (stored directly with a third party processor), and website domain. By voluntarily providing Brilliant Business Agency LLC with your account information, you represent that you own and consent to our use of such personal data.


Event/Marketing Participants

Brilliant Business Agency LLC may ask for your name, email address, physical address, and phone number. Participation in events, surveys, contents, or subscribing to marketing material is voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this personal data.


Website Visitors

At your option, Brilliant Business Agency LLC asks and may collect your name, email address, physical address, and phone number.


RingMyStylist, the Mobile Apps

At your option, Brilliant Business Agency LLC asks and may collect your name, email address, physical address, and phone number.

YOUR CHOICES

You may unsubscribe from receiving promotional or marketing emails from Brilliant Business Agency LLC and Ring My Stylist mobile app at any time by using the “unsubscribe” link in the email received, or by emailing us at info@ringmystylist.com. As outlined in the Section, Cookies and other Tracking Technologies, you can also control your cookie settings.

With respect to your account information, you may update, correct or delete information that you provided to us by logging into your RingMyStylist app or contacting us at info@ringmystylist.com.

Log Data

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics ("Log Data").

In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.

If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.

Do Not Track Disclosure

We support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.

Communications

We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

Compliance With Laws

We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.

Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.

However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.

International Transfer

Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Links To Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Children's Privacy

Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our Service. Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at info@ringmystylist.com. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

Contact Us

Here are the options for contacting us:

Email Address: We are always excited to get emails, so feel free to write to us at: info@ringmystylist.com

Mail: 170 S Green Valley #300, Henderson, NV 89044

Phone: +1 619-888-3886

Instagram: @ringmystylist

Twitter: @ringmystylist

Perhaps, you’d prefer to fill out the Contact Form and have our professional team get across to you within 24 hours/a business day. Click here.

If you have any questions or concerns over this Privacy Policy, or wish to exercise any of your statutory rights, please contact us at: info@ringmystylist.com.

Back to Home
TERMS PRIVACY POLICY REFUND POLICY @RINGMYSTYLIST TWITTER CONTACT | +1 619-888-3886
170 S GREEN VALLEY #300, HENDERSON, NV 89044 | INFO@RINGMYSTYLIST.COM
 

We use cookies to make your experience of our websites better. By using and further navigating this website you accept this.

Accept and Close