Lalatoon
Home
Weekly
Genres
New
favorite
recently
serch
my menu
Customer Service
Notifications
FAQ
1:1 Q&A
My previous queries
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy




 lalatoon CO., Inc​(“lalatoon”, “the company”, “we”, “us”, “our”) values your privacy rights and protects the personal information collected, stored, and used in connection with lalatoon Service(“Service”). Hence, we developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, store and use your information.

 

 

What & How We Collect Information

What We Collect

We collect the following information to help you create your account, provide customer service, and various services.

 

- When creating an account –

Essential information needed to create an account such as social ID, Nickname, e-email, encoded password and etc.

 

 - When making a purchase –

For credit card : credit card company, credit card number and etc.

For credit transfer : name of the bank, account number and etc.

 

- When using the Service –

Means of register, date of register, IP Address, cookie, date of visit, service usage record, malfunction record, device information and etc.

 

How We Collect

We collect your information in the following way.

- Through our webpage, call, customer service, e-mail, events and promotions

- Provided by partner companies

- Through data collection tools

 

 

Collecting Personal Information & Its Purpose

We collect information when you use our Service to provide, maintain, improve, develop our Service, to track and block illegal users, to protect the Service users, and to provide advertisements with high relevance to users.

 

 

Sharing & Provision of Personal Information

We use personal information of users within the scopes mentioned in “Collecting Personal Information & Its Purpose”. We do not use personal information of users beyond those scopes without the consent of users, or share with external parties. However, for social log-in, we may share information in order to process social log-in.

 

 

Consignment of Personal Information Processing

We consign personal information to the following companies to improve our Service. We have clearly stipulated in a consignment agreement according to related laws to safely manage personal information. The following are consignees and their purpose.

 

 

 

Consignee

	

 

Entrusted Task

	

 

Personal Information Retention and Use Period




 EXIMBAY / PayLetter / OnePaid

	

Processing Transactions

	

 

 

 

Until the account is terminated or termination of the consignment contract




IOS In app purchase

	

Processing Transactions




Android In app purchase

	

Processing Transactions

 

 

Personal Information Retention & Use Period

In principle, we immediately destroy the personal information of users once the purpose of personal information collection is achieved. However, certain information will be retained up to 5 years for management purposes.

 

Company Policy for Retention of Personal Information

- Illegal Uses(Record of abnormal service usages such as illegal sign ups)

Items retained : e-mail, phone number used for sign up

Purpose of retention : to prevent illegal sign up and usage

Period of retention : 1 year

 

 

Technical and Administrative Security for Personal Information

We aim to maintain technical and administrative securities for your personal information to prevent loss, theft, leakage, alteration, or damage of your personal information.

 

Encoding Passwords

lalatoon users’ passwords are encoded, and therefore only you know the password. Only you can access and change personal information.

 

Measures Against Hacking

We aim to protect your personal information from hacking and computer viruses to prevent leakage or damage of personal information.

To prevent your personal information from being damaged, we back-up our data regularly, and transfer personal information through encoded networks.

 

We take measures to stop and monitor breaches by using a firewall system and other technology.

 

 

Remove your data from Lalatoon​

If you want to delete all your personal data Lalatoon has stored on you, 
Please send a request email to en.help@lalatoon.com​​ including your name, email address and phone number. 

We will respond promptly within 7 days of receiving your request for deletion of personal data.  

 

 

Contact Information Regarding Privacy Policy

If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at en.help@lalatoon.com​

 

 

Provision

These terms and conditions are effective as of September 28 2021, and the previous terms and conditions shall be superseded and replaced by these terms and conditions.​ 

Terms of Use 
Privacy Policy 
Notifications 
FAQ 
Language 
English
中文(简体)
中文(繁體)
Español(LA)
Español(ES)
Italiano
Português
Deutsch
Français
日本語
한국어
lalatoon footer logo
Lalatoon content are all protected by Copyright Law. Any unauthorized use, sharing or duplication may be punished by copyright laws.
LALATOON Inc. | E-mail : en.support@lalatoon.com
