Accessibility statement
Skip to main content
Sections
Democracy Dies in Darkness
Subscribe
Sign in
Privacy Policy

Published: October 5, 2021

This Privacy Policy (or “Policy”) explains how WP Company LLC (“The Washington Post,” “we,” or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you when you use our sites, mobile and tablet apps, and other online products and services that link to this Policy; subscribe to our print newspaper; receive our emails and newsletters; and attend our events (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us or receive a communication from us related to the Services. For certain Services we may provide you with additional privacy information that supplements this Policy. Other Washington Post services may refer to a different privacy policy, and for those products or services this Policy does not apply.

For your choices about your information, you can visit Account Management & Privacy Choices and Jurisdiction-Specific Privacy Information & Rights below and our Cookie Notice, which outlines your choices about personalized advertising.

Please note, this Policy includes sections with additional information for users in specific jurisdictions, including Privacy Information for California Residents and Information for Certain Users Outside of the United States. You understand that your personal data, including any data you provide, is processed by The Washington Post in the United States, which may have different data protection standards if you reside in another country.

This Privacy Policy covers the following:

Information We Collect

How We Use Information

How We Share Information

Third-Party Content and Links

Account Management & Privacy Choices

Jurisdiction-Specific Privacy Information & Rights

California Residents
Nevada Residents
Information for Certain Users Outside the United States

Data Security

Children’s Privacy

Changes to Our Privacy Policy

Information We Collect

Information You Provide to Us. We collect the information you provide to us directly when you use the Services, including when you:

Register an account or for a newsletter; register for or attend an event; subscribe to or purchase a product (such as our newspaper); participate in a contest, promotion or survey.
Contact information such as your name, e-mail address, street address, and phone number;
Demographic information such as year of birth, gender, general location such as city or state;
Professional Information such as job title, industry, and education; and
Payment information such as your credit card number (processed by our third-party payment processor) and expiration date, where appropriate to process a financial transaction you have requested.
Submit Content to the Services or Interact with Content.
User-Generated Content such as comments on articles, content in message boards, images, photos, videos, online ads you post, or other content you provide to the Services. Please review our Discussion and Submission Guidelines for more information about our practices applicable to content that you submit to certain areas of our Services.
Actions You Take Related to Content such as sharing content; customizing newsletters, notifications and alerts; and liking, replying to, or reporting (and providing additional information regarding) comments.
Contact Us or Provide Feedback.
Contact information such as your name, e-mail address, street address, and phone number;
Comments, requests, and questions you submit through customer service interactions with us; and
Survey responses.

Automatically Collected Information. We automatically collect certain information about your use of the Services or your device. For example, we may collect:

Device information such as hardware model, IP address, device identifiers, operating system, browser type and settings (like language and available font settings) and settings of the device you use to access the Services.
Usage information such as the Services you use, the time and duration of your use, and other information about your interaction with content, such as the articles you read and how you interact with our emails.
Location information such as general location derived from your computer’s IP address, your mobile device’s GPS signal, or information about nearby WiFi access points and cell towers that may be transmitted when you use certain Services.

We and our service providers may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect such information. See our Cookie Notice for more information about these technologies.

Information From Third-Party Sources. We may receive online or offline information about you from other sources, which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you. For example, we receive information from:

Other Users, including your contact information if they provide you a gift subscription.
Enterprise Subscribers, such as your employer or educational institution who provide us with your email address so you can register an account and use the Services.
Publicly and commercially available sources, as permitted by law, including contact information, demographic and professional data, and interests.
Social Media Services, if you interact with us through a social media service or log in using social media credentials. Depending on your social media settings, we may have access to your information from that service, such as your name, email address, friend or followers/following list, profile and demographic information, current city, comments about or reactions to our Services, and the people/sites you follow.
Data analytics providers and advertising partners, including usage information, and information about your activity and transactions on other websites or platforms or with other companies.

Other Information We Collect. We also may collect other information about you, your device, or your use of the services in ways that we describe to you at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent. You may choose not to provide us with certain types of information but doing so may affect your ability to use some of the Services.

How We Use Information

We may use your information:

To Provide and Manage the Services, including to:

provide account access, process your registrations and subscriptions, send you electronic newsletters, and/or enable you to participate in the features (such as commenting) provided by the Services;
complete your payments and transactions;
provide customer service;
understand and resolve technical issues, app crashes and other issues being reported;
personalize the Services, including content and recommendations (including via email). Through such features, we are able to bring you information and content tailored to your individual interests and needs.

To Contact You. We may periodically contact you with Services-related updates, new features you are entitled to access, legal information, customer service communications, newsletters and alerts (where applicable, based on your registrations and preferences), surveys, offers, promotions, and other information that may be of interest to you.

To Better Understand Our Readers and Users and Improve our Services. We analyze our users’ interactions with the Services along with demographics, interests, and other information to better understand and serve our users and to improve our Services.

To Deliver and Measure Advertising, Including Personalized Advertising. We and third parties may use your information to deliver you ads, promotions, and offers that may be personalized to you, and to measure the placement, frequency, efficacy, and compliance of advertising and ad impressions (including contextual and targeted ads). The ads are for us and third-party advertisers and appear both on and off the Services.

We and third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies to understand how you use the Services and facilitate serving relevant ads. This helps us determine if you have seen an ad before, tailor ads to you, including based on your activity, and avoid showing you duplicate ads. See our Cookie Notice for more information about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies and for your cookie choices, including how to opt out of personalized advertising.

We may also use other information we have collected about you, such as demographic and personal information (e.g., e-mail address) for purposes related to advertising, including personalized advertising.

To Protect the Rights of the Services and Others. We may use your information that we, in good faith, believe is necessary or appropriate to secure, protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of the Services, its employees or agents, or other users, and to comply with applicable law and legal process.

With Consent. We may otherwise use your information with your consent or at your direction.

How We Share Information

We may share your information with:

Affiliates within our family of affiliated companies.
Business Partners to provide you with services that you participate in or request, such as co-sponsors of a promotion that runs on our Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these entities.
Service Providers that provide services on our behalf, such as hosting vendors, advertising service providers, list managers and payment processors.
Other Parties When Required by Law or As Necessary to Protect Our Users and Services including as we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of the Services, our employees or agents or users, or to comply with applicable law or legal process, including responding to requests from public and government authorities.
Social Media Services, if you log into the Services with a social media service or if you connect a social media account with the Services. In that case, we may share your information with that social media service depending on your settings. The social media service’s privacy policy then applies to their practices regarding your information.
Third Parties that Provide Analytics, Content, Advertising, or Functionality. Third parties may collect or receive certain information about you and/or your use of the Services to provide content, ads (including personalized ads), or functionality, or to measure and analyze ad performance, on our Services or other websites or platforms.
We may share or allow third parties to collect device information (e.g., browser type, IP address, or device ID), usage information, or click information obtained through cookies or other tracking technologies. Some of this information may be combined with information collected across different websites, online services, and other linked or associated devices. We try to limit how our third parties can use the information they gather from you or that we provide. However, some advertising and analytics vendors combine information they gather about you through our Services with information they receive from others in order to target ads to you across other services and to improve their own services. Our Cookie Notice provides more information about how these technologies are used.
We may also share information, including personal information about you (e.g., e-mail address) in hashed or other obscured format, for advertising purposes, including personalized advertising, either on our Services or for our products on other websites or platforms. Recipients are prohibited from using this personal information for their own purposes.
Other Parties in Connection with a Corporate Transaction. We may share information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party, such as in the event of a merger, acquisition, or in connection with a bankruptcy reorganization, or in contemplation of or due diligence related to such a corporate transaction.
Otherwise With Your Consent or At Your Direction. We may also share information about you with third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing.

We also may share other information with third parties in a manner that does not identify particular users, including, for example, aggregated data about how users are using our Services.

Third-Party Content and Links

Our Services may embed content from, or link to, third-party websites and services, including social media platforms, that are outside of our control. We are not responsible for their practices and this Privacy Policy does not govern those third parties’ content, services, or use of your information.

Account Management & Privacy Choices

Account & Subscription Management. You may access or modify your Washington Post account, update your subscriptions and email newsletters associated with that account, and view your comment history on the User Profile page.

Email Promotions. You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from us by following the instructions contained in those email messages.

Analytics. Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out mechanisms. For example, you may opt out of having Google Analytics use your information for analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. You can visit our Cookie Notice for additional information on how to opt out of certain analytics providers.

Personalized Advertising. Our Cookie Notice has information about how to manage cookies and other choices that may be available to you with respect to personalized advertising. You may choose whether to receive certain personalized (also known as targeted) advertising from participating ad networks, audience segment providers, ad serving vendors, other service providers or entities by visiting websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance or if you are a user in the European Economic Area, Your Online Choices. These third-party tools may have limitations such as the browsers on which they are effective. Many mobile devices also allow you to opt-out of certain personalized advertising for mobile apps and related tracking using the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device. For more information, please check your mobile device settings.

Browser Signals. Some web browsers may transmit a “do-not-track” signal. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning how to treat such signals, the Services currently do not take action in response to these signals. We respond to the Global Privacy Control signal for California residents, as described further in the Privacy Information for California Residents section.

Other Choices. The local laws where you live (e.g., laws of the EEA, UK, and California) may permit you to make certain requests. See the section applicable to the place of your residency below.

Jurisdiction-Specific Privacy Information & Rights

California Residents

Additional information. If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to provide you with some additional information. Please note the information and the rights discussed below are not applicable to our employees, former employees, candidates, contractors, service providers, or business contacts.

We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of information about you or your use of the Services:
Identifiers (such as name, address, email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information); user-generated content; device information and identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); professional and employment related information; location data; audio or visual information (such as if you participate in a phone survey or submit a photo); demographic data (such as gender); inference data; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
Please see Information We Collect above for more information
We may use the above categories of information:
to provide and manage the Services you request; to contact you; to deliver advertising; to better understand our readers and users and improve our Services; for bug detection and error reporting; to audit consumer interactions on the Services; to protect the rights of the Services and with your consent.
Please see How We Use Information above for more information.
We may share
any of the above categories of information we collect with: our affiliates; business partners to provide you with services that you request; service providers; other parties, including government entities, when required by law or to protect our users and services; social media services pursuant to that service and your settings; and with your consent or in connection with a corporate transaction.
commercial information and financial data, including your payment information, with payment processors, and
device information and identifiers and internet or other network or device activity with entities that provide content, advertising, and functionality.
Please see Sharing of Information above for more information.

Sale of personal information. We engage in personalized (or targeted) advertising on the Services or on other sites and when we advertise our Services elsewhere. In connection with such advertising, we may share the following categories of information with advertising networks and providers, advertisers, certain analytics providers, and social media networks, which may be considered a sale under California law

device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; usage information, such as browsing history or app usage; location information, such as city; and inference data.

California residents can opt out of such targeted advertising as set forth here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information. California residents can also turn on the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information for each participating browser system that you use. Learn more at the Global Privacy Control website.

Privacy Rights.

California residents can request:

the categories of personal information we collect, disclose or sell about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. Such information is also set forth in this Privacy Policy.
access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you;
deletion of certain personal information we have collected from you; and/or
provide information about financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.

If you would like information regarding your rights or would like to make a request, please click here or email us at privacy@washpost.com. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and requests, including by verifying your account information, residency or the email address you provide. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law such as information we retain for legal compliance and to secure our Services. We may need certain information in order to provide the Services to you; if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to use the Services. The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights under the CCPA.

CCPA Requests: We received the following CCPA requests from California consumers between August 14, 2020 to December 31, 2020:

REQUESTS
	
AUG. 14, 2020
TO DEC. 31, 2020
	
AVERAGE NUMBER OF DAYS
FROM VERIFICATION
TO COMPLETION
	
AVERAGE NUMBER
OF DAYS TO RESPOND
TO INITIAL REQUEST


CCPA Requests to Know Received
	
6
	
------------------
	
1.8


Completed in whole or in part
	
0
	
	
N/A


Incomplete
(due to lack of verification or confirmation of request)
	
6
	
N/A
	
1.8


CCPA Requests to Delete
	
33
	
------------------
	
2.3


Completed in whole or in part
	
19
	
42
	
2.5


Incomplete
(due to lack of verification or confirmation of request)
	
14
	
N/A
	
N/A
	
NUMBER FROM
AUG. 14, 2020 TO
DEC. 31, 2020
	
AVERAGE NUMBER
OF DAYS TO COMPLETION


CCPA Requests to Opt Out
	
	
------------------


Completed in whole or in part
	
161,722
	
1


Incomplete
	
N/A
	
N/A

Once a year, California residents can also request certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.

California residents who are under 18 and registered users of the Services can request removal of content that they have posted on the Services by emailing us at comments@washpost.com with your name and email address and/or your Washington Post username, birth year, mailing address, and the material that you want removed and information that will enable us to locate it, and the subject line “California Removal Request”. Your request does not ensure complete removal of the material. For example, materials may be republished or reposted by another user or third party.

Nevada Residents

Nevada consumers who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” as such terms are defined under Nevada law. We do not engage in such activity, but if you have questions about this you can email us at privacy@washpost.com.

Information for Certain Users Outside the United States

Under applicable law in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, the Washington Post is considered the “data controller” of the personal information we handle under this Policy. In other words, The Washington Post is responsible for deciding how to collect, use and disclose this information, subject to applicable law. Our contact information appears at the end of this Policy. Residents of certain jurisdictions may be able to request one or more individual rights set forth in “Individual Rights” below under applicable law.

International Transfers. The Services are headquartered in the United States, where we process and store information. We may also store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers. We will ensure that transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards. By using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law. Our Privacy Shield Policy governs use of personal information was transferred to us from organizations in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland under such transfer mechanism.

Users in the EEA, United Kingdom, and Switzerland

Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing. We process personal data consistent with our disclosures in this Privacy Policy. We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Services to you; (2) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy; or (3) with your consent.

Individual Rights. If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland you have certain rights under applicable law, including

provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you
delete certain information that we hold about you
prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling)
update or rectify information that is out of date or incorrect
restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information
transfer your information to a third-party provider of services
revoke your consent for the processing of your information

Residents of certain other countries may also be able request one or more of the above under applicable law. To make a request, you can contact us here. In order to respond to your request, we will need to verify your identity and residency and may require you to provide us with supporting information. If applicable, you may make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.

Additional Marketing & Advertising Choices.

Our Cookies Notice has information about how to manage cookies and other choices that may be available to you with respect to personalized advertising.

If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, Switzerland, or Canada, as described above, you may opt out of (withdraw your consent to) receiving marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such emails. You may also opt out of (withdraw your consent to) our use of your email to provide you special offers via email and through other platforms (such as social media) by emailing us at optout-request@washpost.com.

Data Security

We have in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help protect the information we collect. However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our systems, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.

Children’s Privacy

We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 16 without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If we learn that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of changes by posting changes here, or by other appropriate means. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective when the updated policy is posted on the Services. Your use of the Services or your provision of information to us following such changes indicates your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.

For More Information. Please contact us here.

Company
About The Post
Newsroom Policies & Standards
Diversity and Inclusion
Careers
Media & Community Relations
WP Creative Group
Accessibility Statement
Get The Post
Become a Subscriber
Gift Subscriptions
Mobile & Apps
Newsletters & Alerts
Washington Post Live
Reprints & Permissions
Post Store
Books & E-Books
Newspaper in Education
Print Archives (Subscribers Only)
e-Replica
Today’s Paper
Contact Us
Contact the Newsroom
Contact Customer Care
Contact the Opinions team
Advertise
Licensing & Syndication
Request a Correction
Send a News Tip
Report a Vulnerability
Terms of Use
Digital Products Terms of Sale
Print Products Terms of Sale
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Submissions & Discussion Policy
RSS Terms of Service
Ad Choices
washingtonpost.com © 1996-2022 The Washington Post