Weather privacy

  App Privacy

1.      Introduction

1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of users of the suite of mobile apps, desktop apps and website.

1.2    This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.

1.3    We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.

1.4    Our apps incorporate privacy and notification controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and weather notifications. You can access the privacy controls via the settings menu.

1.5    In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to TOHSOFT CO., LTD d/b/a .

 

Updated 2021, Feb 25 for collecting location data in background:

This app collects location data to enable Weather Notification, Widgets, Lock screen features, even when the app is closed or not in use. Location data is used to provide the most accurate and latest weather information for you. It is also used to support advertising. You can turn off sharing location data in your settings at any time.




Collection and Sharing of Location Information.

        We share anonymized location data with third parties to improve the application and serve advertising. The section §4.34.1 that show details how we share anonymized location data with third parties.

In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information, through methods such as mobile “SDKs”.  This location information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and shared with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance) analytics

and research.   You can remove your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device.(Certain services may lose functionality as a result.) 

You can opt-out from any interest-based advertising through your device settings. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests. More detail at Cuebiq Privacy Policy

The app use these permission:

android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE: We need this permission to handle lock screen behavior when a call happens

android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION, android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION: To get your location so we can provide exact where info of the place where you are.

Webview content:

In the app, we use webview to load radar content, the data content is provided by Windy https://api4.windy.com, all our implement fit the Windy policy and we are authorized to use this content in the app.




2.      How we use your personal data

2.1    In this Section 2 we have set out:

(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;

(b)    In the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;

(c)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and

(d)    the legal bases of the processing.

3.2    We may process data about your use of our website, apps, and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data includes various third-party SDKs. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website apps, and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website apps, and services.

3.3    We may process data used to facilitate media uploads and social sharing ("account data").The account data may include your chosen screenname and email address, and well as social network identities. The source of the account data is information you provide when registering for an account with us. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.  The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent given when registering for an account.

3.4    We may process your information included in your personal profile on our service ("profile data"). The profile data may include your name, telephone number, email address, website urls, and profile pictures. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website apps, and services. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.

 3.5   We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data”) The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our service, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website apps, and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.

3.6    We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). This includes media uploads such as photos and videos, as well as comments. The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website apps, and services. The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent.

3.7    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.

3.8    We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information ("customer relationship data"). The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers]. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.

3.9    We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of services, that you enter into with us and/or through our service ("transaction data”) The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our service.

3.10  We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email, sms, and push notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.

3.11  We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication.  Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.

3.12  We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.

3.13  We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.

3.14  In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.

3.15  Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.

4.      Providing your personal data to others

4.1    We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.

4.2    We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.

4.3    We may disclose anonymized location and other data to our suppliers or subcontractors. insofar as reasonably necessary to improve your advertising experience, and for monetization and analytics purposes.

4.3.1 In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information, including the presence of connected devices via bluetooth, through methods such as mobile “SDKs” by means of our partnership with Cuebiq and its partners, which helps cover the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services thereof. This information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and may be shared with other parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance), analytics and research. You can withdraw your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device (note that certain services may lose functionality as a result). You can also activate your device’s opt-out settings which will: (i) tell advertisers to not use your in-app information from that device for purposes of collecting and serving interest-based advertising and (ii) inform Cuebiq to halt further data collection and sharing from that device. Additionally, you can opt-out from the Cuebiq app directly (iOS, Android).

4.4    Financial transactions relating to our services may be handled by our payment services providers, including Apple, Microsoft, and Google. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.

4.6    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.

5.      International transfers of your personal data

5.1    In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).

5.2    We have offices and facilities in The Unites States.  Data Transfers to other jurisdictions will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.

5.3    The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United States. Additionally, we utilize a 3rd party Content Distribution Network with hosting facilities in many countries. Data transfers to other jurisdictions will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.

5.5    You acknowledge that [personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services] may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.

6.      Retaining and deleting personal data

6.1    This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.

6.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.

6.3    We will retain your personal data as follows:

(a)  Personal data will be retained for a minimum period of 24 hours following usage, and for a maximum period of 99 years.

6.4    In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:

(a)    the period of retention of personal data will be determined based on.

6.5    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.

7.      Amendments

7.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website at http://.com/privacy

7.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.

7.3    We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or push notification.

8.      Your rights

8.1    In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.

8.2    Your principal rights under data protection law are:

(a)    the right to access;

(b)    the right to rectification;

(c)    the right to erasure;

(d)    the right to restrict processing;

(e)    the right to object to processing;

(f)    the right to data portability;

(g)    the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and

(h)    the right to withdraw consent.

8.3    You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can request a copy of your personal by emailing privacy@.com

8.4    You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.

8.5    In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.

8.6    In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful, but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.

8.7    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

8.8    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.

8.9    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

8.10  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:

(a)    consent; or

(b)    that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,

        and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

8.11  If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.

8.12  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.

8.13  You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us via parcel post or by emailing privacy@myradr.com.

9.      About cookies

9.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.

9.2    Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.

9.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.

10.    Cookies that we use

10.1  We use cookies for the following purposes:

(a)    authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our websites.

(b)    status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our websites.

(c)    personalization - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalize our websites for you.

(d)    security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally.

 (e)   advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you.

(f)    analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services.

 (g)   cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.

 

11.    Cookies used by our service providers

11.1  Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.

11.2  We use Google Analytics and Google Firebase to analyze the use of our website and apps. Google gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.

11.3  We publish Google interest-based advertisements on in our apps. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using cookies. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com. You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-ins available at: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996.

12.    Managing cookies

12.1  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:

(a)    https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);

(b)    https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);

(c)    http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);

(d)    https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);

(e)    https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and

(f)    https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).

12.2  Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.

12.3  If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.

13.    Our details

13.1  The suite of applications and website is owned and operated by TOHSOFT CO., LTD .

13.2  TOHSOFT CO., LTD, is a registered Vietnam Limited Liability Company.

13.3  Our principal place of business is at 48 To Huu, Tu Liem, Ha Noi

13.4  You can contact us:

(a)    by mail, to the postal address given above.

(b)    by using our website contact form at http://tohsoft.com

 (d)   by email, using support@tohsoft.com.

 

14.    Data protection officer

14.1  Our data protection officer's contact details are:

  TOH Support Team (support@tohsoft.com) 48 To Huu, Tu Liem, Ha Noi .




Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT