Privacy Policy

What This Policy Covers

This policy covers how Elvista Media Solutions Corp. ("Elvista") treats personal information that we collect and receive. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name or email address and that is not otherwise publicly available.

This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, software, services and Web sites offered by Elvista. In this Privacy Policy, references to "we", "our" and "us" refer to Elvista while "you" and "your" refer to the Elvista customer or user.

In this Privacy Policy, references to "application" refer to mobile software developed by Elvista for Android or iOS mobile platforms and references to "device" refer to your mobile phone, smartphone, tablet PC or portable media player powered by iOS or Android platforms. References to "computer" refer to programmable machine designed to automatically carry out a sequence of arithmetic or logical operations.

Android is a Linux-based operating system ("Android OS" or "Android") for mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers.

This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Elvista does not own or control or to people that Elvista does not employ or manage.

Information We Collect

When you use our application, software or Web Site, we receive any information you have marked as okay to share publicly and with our applications, such as your name, location, sex, and relationship status. Like all websites, Elvista automatically receives and may record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Elvista cookie information, and the page you request.

Elvista applications do gather device identification information, such as Mac Adress, GUID, Device ID, IMEI. Elvista applications that run Android OS gather Google Accounts in non-personalised form, such as hash-sums. Elvista applications keep ID from social networks (e.g., Facebook).

How We Use Collected Information

Elvista uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, improve our services, contact you through your email address, conduct research, and provide anonymous aggregate reporting for internal and external clients.

Information Sharing and Disclosure

Elvista does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:

We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Elvista. These companies may use your personal information to help us communicate with you about offers from Elvista and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information, nor are they given permission to keep or store that information.

We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Elvista's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.

We transfer information about you if Elvista is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Elvista will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Statistics

Elvista do gather statistics about your actions during usage of our Web Site, application or software. Elvista uses this information to improve customer experience, customize content and advertising. This data does not include personal or any other information kept on your device or computer that is not related to the application, software or Web Sites.

Confidentiality and Security

We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.

Contact Us

Elvista may update this policy at any time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our site.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at support@elvista.net