We use cookies to make interactions with our website and services easy and meaningful, and better understand how they are used and to tailor advertising. You can read more and make your cookie choices here. By continuing to use this site you are giving us your consent to do this.
Learn More
GOT IT
Skip Navigation
Short links, big results
A URL shortener built with powerful tools to help you grow and protect your brand.

Get Started for Free
Get a Quote

Bitly is excited to announce the acquisition of QR Code Generator, the world’s leading QR code platform. Check out our combined capabilities. Learn more →

Enter URL to be shortened

By clicking SHORTEN, you are agreeing to Bitly’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

Scroll to learn more

The link shortener that has your brand’s back
Your brand wasn’t built to be hidden. Help it stand out with branded links that drive more clicks.

Inspire trust

With more clicks comes increased brand recognition and consumer trust in your communications—which in turn inspires even more engagement with your links. (It’s a wonderful cycle.)

Boost results

On top of better deliverability and click-through, rich link-level data gives you crucial insight into your link engagement so your team can make smarter decisions around its content and communications.

Gain control

Take credit for your content and learn more about how it’s consumed by enabling auto-branding—a feature that ensures your brand remains in any link someone shortens pointing to your website.

Get Started for Free
Learn More

What our customers are saying

Bitly has enabled us to build trust with clients with branded short links that carry the main message of the link and that carries our brand.

Thankdeka M. | Project Manager

I like that Bitly makes it easy for novices and experts alike to custom track their web traffic. The platform has great capabilities that make it a worthy tool in a professional’s toolkit.

Caroline J. | Executive Director at Social Media Club + Digital Marketing Coach

Bitly is user friendly and accessible. It’s the one-stop shop for all link-associated things.

Jashima W. | Founder, Ode Brand & Marketing Consultancy

The more I use Bitly, the more valuable it becomes to me. It cuts my time down because it saves all my information, and it gives me insight into which links are most popular and have the most clicks.

Mary H. | YouTube Influencer

Bitly has enabled us to build trust with clients with branded short links that carry the main message of the link and that carries our brand.

Thankdeka M. | Project Manager

I like that Bitly makes it easy for novices and experts alike to custom track their web traffic. The platform has great capabilities that make it a worthy tool in a professional’s toolkit.

Caroline J. | Executive Director at Social Media Club + Digital Marketing Coach

Bitly is user friendly and accessible. It’s the one-stop shop for all link-associated things.

Jashima W. | Founder, Ode Brand & Marketing Consultancy

The more I use Bitly, the more valuable it becomes to me. It cuts my time down because it saves all my information, and it gives me insight into which links are most popular and have the most clicks.

Mary H. | YouTube Influencer

The most recognized brands in the world love Bitly
Frequently asked questions
What is a URL Shortener?
Benefits of a Short URL
What is a Custom URL Shortener?
Features of Bitly’s Link Management Platform
Why Choose Bitly
More than a free link shortener

 

Get Started

Why Bitly?

Bitly 101
Integrations & API
Enterprise Class
Pricing

Company

About Bitly
Our Team
Careers
Press
Contact

Solutions

Social Media
Digital Marketing
Customer Service
For Developers

Features

Link Management
Branded Links
Mobile Links
Campaign Management & Analytics
QR Codes

Resources

Blog
Resource Library
Developers
Support

Legal

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service

© 2022 Bitly | Handmade in San Francisco, Denver, New York City, Bielefeld, and all over the world.

twitter 
 linkedin Facebook