Log in
Subscribe
Top Stories
Latest
US MARKETS CLOSED
In the news
Dow Jones
-0.68%
Nasdaq
-1.23%
S&P 500
-0.72%
TSLA
-2.21%
FB
-0.75%
BABA
-4.64%
NEWS 10 hours ago
Biden and Putin have tentatively agreed to hold a summit, says Macron's office
Presidents Joe Biden and Vladimir Putin agreed to a summit on February 24 amid fears of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
French leader Emmanuel Macron invited both leaders to hold talks, his office said on Sunday.
The White House said Biden will accept the summit only if Russia does not invade Ukraine.

READ MORE

Global stocks waver as investors assess Biden-Putin summit
US embassy in Moscow warns of 'threats of attacks' in urban areas
Russia cancels plan to withdraw troops from Belarus
Lufthansa, Austrian Airlines suspend flights into areas of Ukraine
Today's mortgage and refinance rates: February 21, 2022
MILITARY & DEFENSE 1 hour ago
2 top Trump officials say they were hit by the mysterious Havana Syndrome in DC
Just five suspected cases of the as-yet unknown illness have been reported on US soil, with over 1,000 cases reported overseas.
POLITICS 27 minutes ago
Russian state TV claims the Queen, Prince Charles, and Prince Andrew are pushing for war in Ukraine to distract from scandals at home
Dmitry Kiselyov made improbable claims about the motives of world figures as war looms in Ukraine. UK royals have no say in matters of war.
Premium MARKETS 1 hour ago
'We really did hit peak stupid': Elite investors on Wall Street say privately that the market is about to undergo a cataclysmic shift — and many won't survive the 'washout'
From short sellers to value investors, a quiet consensus has formed: 2022 is going to be very, very ugly for the stock market.

Get industry news with our daily newsletters

Business Insider

Get a daily selection of our top stories based on your reading preferences.

10 Things Before the Opening Bell

Get the inside scoop on what traders are talking about — delivered daily to your inbox.

Insider Sustainability

Get the latest on the culture & business of sustainability — delivered weekly to your inbox.

10 Things In Tech You Need To Know

Get the latest tech news & scoops — delivered daily to your inbox.

VIEW ALL NEWSLETTERS >
Email address
SIGN UP
By clicking "Sign Up", you agree to receive marketing emails from Business Insider as well as other partner offers and accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You can opt-out at any time.
MILITARY & DEFENSE 3 hours ago
Photos: Inside Ukraine's growing volunteer army, where the elderly and children help with war preparations
TECH 2 hours ago
Trump's social media app Truth Social just launched on the App Store — but some users seem to be having trouble using it
Former President Donald Trump's social media app Truth Social is now available on iPhone. Screenshots show it bears a striking resemblance to Twitter.
TECH 1 hour ago
Elon Musk's Boring Company is planning to build a tunneling test site in Texas, a report says
The Boring Company wants to dig "as many tunnels as necessary" to test digging equipment, according to documents cited by Bloomberg.
NEWS 5 hours ago
Proposed US sanctions will sever financial institutions' ties with Russian banks should Ukraine be invaded: report
Meanwhile, Biden and Putin agreed on Sunday to hold a summit over the Ukraine-Russia crisis, under Biden's condition that Russia not invade.
TRANSPORTATION 3 hours ago
These new cruise ships have their own submarines and allow guests to learn from scientists on voyages to Antarctica. See what it's like onboard.
Expeditions start from $5,995 per person rising to as much as $136,000 for a 13-day cruise to the Arctic from Tromsø, Norway.
MARKETS 1 hour ago
How to build wealth from real estate investing, according to 4 couples and individuals who have done it
Insider compiled a list of stories about couples and individuals who have used real estate as a tool to build long-term wealth.
Premium TECH 5 hours ago
This SoftBank-backed fintech helps get retail investors early access to IPOs. Check out the 12-slide pitch deck PrimaryBid used to raise $190 million.
Premium POLITICS 24 hours ago
Space Force started as a national joke. Now it's seen as Donald Trump's best idea.
Premium MARKETS Feb 20, 2022, 12:30 PM
Is the housing market setting up for a crash? 2 experts — including one who called the 2008 bubble burst — share the warning signs that a real-estate downfall is coming.
THE BEST OFFERS FROM INSIDER COUPONS
Start your new project today with the best Home Depot coupon codes.
Work smarter not harder with Staples' variety of discounted offerings on all things office and classroom.
Put your best foot forward with our best DSW offers.
Spoil your pets with deals just for them at Chewy.
MARKETS
TECH
FINANCE
STRATEGY
PERSONAL FINANCE
MARKETS 9 minutes ago
Legendary investor Jeremy Grantham sees a 'superbubble' in markets and expects the S&P 500 to crash 43%. He recommends overseas stocks and cash as havens.
If investors are still keen on holding US stocks, it's safest to own high-quality ones that "always do better in a serious shake-up," Grantham said.
ENTERTAINMENT 17 minutes ago
I paid $20 a month for AMC's version of MoviePass expecting to delete it after a month, but it ended up being a great value
AMC Stubs costs $19.95 a month and allows members to see three movies a week. For me, it ended up being a valuable perk.
MARKETS 25 minutes ago
The Fed is likely to severely damage US growth by hiking interest rates hard and could trigger stagflation, Mohamed El-Erian says
There's only a 10% chance that the Fed manages to leave the economy and markets unharmed, Mohamed El-Erian said.
MEDIA 25 minutes ago
How to make money on OnlyFans, according to creators
OnlyFans has become a lucrative platform, especially for adult content creators. Here's how influencers on OnlyFans make money and manage their time.
MARKETS 27 minutes ago
Global stocks waver as investors assess plan for a Biden-Putin summit on Ukraine, while oil prices whipsaw
Biden and Putin's summit on the Ukraine crisis is helping to keep the prospects of a hot military conflict off the radar for now, an analyst said.
SPONSOR CONTENT 1 hour ago
From Nobel Prizes to vaccine development, the UK is ahead of the pack in science and technology
The UK is a world leader in science and technology — and new government investment will solidify that position.
POLITICS 1 hour ago
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said Tucker Carlson's on-air fixation with her is 'targeted, libelous harassment'
Ocasio-Cortez has said attacks on her by the Fox News host, including claiming she was making a "booty call", lead to violent threats.
Premium MARKETS 1 hour ago
Bank of America shares how to invest in the metaverse and 13 other disruptive technologies that could 'transform our lives' and become a market worth over $6 trillion by 2030
The metaverse, flying cars, and 6G all featured on the bank's list of disruptive technologies that investors should be watching.
PERSONAL FINANCE 1 hour ago
Today's mortgage and refinance rates: February 21, 2022
Today's mortgage rates are higher than they were in January. They're still lower than a few years ago, so it could still be a good time to refinance.
MARKETS 2 hours ago
JPMorgan now expects the Federal Reserve to hike interest rates for 9 straight meetings, posing a major risk to markets
Central banks rapidly hiking rates "is now the most significant threat to an otherwise healthy global backdrop," JPMorgan said.
RETAIL Feb 9, 2022, 5:06 PM
I run a bakeshop. Sales are down, costs are up, and the broken supply chain is forcing me to pivot monthly.
"We're doing everything we can to succeed," bakeshop owner Justine Martin told Insider. "But it hasn't stopped getting harder for two years now."
Premium SMALL BUSINESS Feb 17, 2022, 8:14 PM
From virtual assistants to copywriters, here are 12 of the easiest businesses to start in 2022
There's never been a better time to start a business when it comes to accessibility and overhead costs.
Premium MARKETS Feb 9, 2022, 6:11 PM
San Francisco proposes plan to start taxing its 40,000 vacant homes to punish absentee landlords. Here's how that could help ease the city's housing crisis.
Absentee landlords are "playing the market, but aren't interested in providing housing," says Dean Preston of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
STREAMING Feb 9, 2022, 7:15 PM
22 critically acclaimed documentaries and biopics to celebrate Black History Month
Look back on decades of Black excellence with these movies and shows based on African American artists, activists, athletes, and heroes.
Premium ADVERTISING Jan 26, 2022, 6:49 PM
I work on Avocados From Mexico's famous Super Bowl ads. Here's what the process is like this year.
Since 2015, Avocados From Mexico has had an ad during the Super Bowl. This year, its VP of marketing said it's taking a new approach.
POLITICS Feb 9, 2022, 8:18 PM
A Republican Texas House candidate and former teacher complained that she couldn't let her students laugh at transgender classmates
"I am not comfortable with the transgenders, the kids that they brought in my classroom," Shelley Luther was recorded saying at a candidate forum.
NEWS 2 hours ago
Capitol rioter Jenna Ryan says she watched TV, ate bologna sandwiches, and met 'a lot of great people' during her 60 days in prison
The Texas realtor previously said she hoped to practice yoga and lose weight during her 60-day prison sentence.
RETAIL 2 hours ago
A New Hampshire restaurant illegally shared workers' tips with managers, a Department of Labor investigation found
The DOL recovered almost $62,000 in tips and liquidated damages for 39 employees at Dos Amigos Burritos.
MARKETS 3 hours ago
Billionaire investor Charlie Munger bashed crypto, blasted speculators, and predicted a painful crash. Here are his 16 best quotes from Daily Journal's annual meeting.
Warren Buffett's business partner touted Costco, defended his bets on Chinese stocks, and rang the alarm on the passive-investing boom.
Premium TECH 4 hours ago
Y Combinator startup Nanonets uses AI to extract data from documents. Check out the 17-slide pitch deck it used to raise $10 million.
Nanonets' software uses machine learning to make it easier for enterprises to extract data from documents, such as scanned invoices.
Premium CAREERS 4 hours ago
Metaverse jobs with Nike, Disney and Meta are here. Here are the futuristic jobs you can apply for right now.
Big brands like Nike, Disney and Facebook are creating their own metaverse business units. Here are the current job openings to build the metaverse you can apply to right now.
Premium CAREERS 4 hours ago
Working from home can hurt your chances of a promotion, according to a Stanford expert. Here's how managers can end that bias.
Remote workers risk missing out on promotions and pay raises. Here's how managers can end bias in hybrid teams, according to a Stanford expert.
Premium MARKETS 5 hours ago
UBS lays out the most likely scenario for how the Ukraine-Russia crisis will play out and reveals the 3 key things investors should do to protect their portfolio and deal with the turmoil
The market has been torn between relief over signs that Russia is pulling back from an invasion and dismay that it may still be on the cards.
RETAIL 5 hours ago
Meet the typical Trader Joe's shopper: a younger, married, college-educated person earning over $80,000
The typical Trader Joe's shopper visits 13 times a year and spends about $47 per trip, often on brands like GT's Living Foods and Volpi cured meats.
POLITICS 7 hours ago
A Trump-backed candidate in Arizona is trying to raise $750,000 for a legal defense fund after he was subpoenaed by the January 6 committee
Mark Finchem, who is running for Arizona secretary of state, pushed false claims about the election and met with Rudy Giuliani in November 2020.
NEWS 7 hours ago
Trucker protests in Ottawa are winding down after police made 191 arrests and towed 76 vehicles away
Hundreds of officers moved into the downtown core area and streets outside parliament to disperse the crowd, using pepper spray and mounted police.
MARKETS Jan 19, 2022, 6:50 PM
'Pawsitively adorable' Puppy Bowl NFTs are going on sale to benefit Ariana Grande's animal rescue
Discovery is dropping new NFTs weekly leading up to the annual Puppy Bowl that airs on the same day as the NFL Super Bowl.
Premium LAW Feb 14, 2022, 5:52 PM
A law firm built investor networks for women-led startups that have gone on to raise more than $85 million. Here's how.
Law firm Davis Wright Tremaine developed accelerator programs to connect women entrepreneurs and guide them on sales and raising capital.
Premium SMALL BUSINESS Jan 14, 2022, 4:52 PM
2 business owners share how they created a succession plan for when one steps down — and what it includes
Russ Stephens made a plan outlining how he'd pass the reins to his daughter Sky before APB was even founded — including share ownership.
MARKETS Jan 26, 2022, 4:39 PM
NFT sales hit $565 million over the past week. These were the 5 best-selling digital collections.
Total NFT sales volume hit $17 billion over the past year as artists, investors, and entrepreneurs descend upon the nascent Web3 space.
Premium HEALTHCARE Jan 14, 2022, 5:58 PM
Cerebral is trying out an unusual clinical trial for a depression drug that has other companies wary. Here’s why.
Cerebral supplied patients from its subscription-based mental health service for the ongoing Phase 2 trial.
NEWS 11 hours ago
US embassy in Moscow urges Americans in Russia to avoid crowds due to 'threats of attacks' in urban areas
The embassy's security alert also tells Americans to "have evacuation plans that do not rely on U.S. government assistance."
INSIDER INTELLIGENCE 12 hours ago
Get all the healthcare coverage you need with the Digital Health Briefing from Insider Intelligence
The Digital Health Briefing is a curated, subscriber-only daily email newsletter from Insider Intelligence with insight into the future of healthcare.
RETAIL 13 hours ago
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn launches a battle for 2 board seats at McDonald's after slamming the fast-food chain for its treatment of pregnant pigs
Icahn called out the company this week for failing to end the use of gestation crates, a practice he told Bloomberg causes "unnecessary suffering."
MILITARY & DEFENSE 13 hours ago
Another death during Navy SEALs' 'Hell Week' highlights the dangers in one of the military's hardest selection courses
The inherent risks of such training reflect the danger of the missions SEALs are tasked with, current and former SEALs say.
RETAIL 14 hours ago
THE ONLINE GROCERY REPORT: The market, drivers, key players, and opportunities in a rising segment of e-commerce
Business Insider Intelligence looks at a variety of grocers' curbside pickup and grocery delivery options, and what their future may be.
MILITARY & DEFENSE CONTRIBUTORS 15 hours ago
Why another 'act of intimidation' by a Chinese warship with a laser appears to be an escalation
China may be seeking to send a message to Australia, writes Australian National University professor John Blaxland.
VIEW MORE
* Copyright © 2022 Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our 
Terms of Service
, 
Privacy Policy
and
Cookies Policy
.
Contact Us
 
Sitemap
 
Disclaimer
 
Accessibility
 
Commerce Policy
 
CA Privacy Rights
 
Coupons
 
Made in NYC
 
Jobs
Stock quotes by
finanzen.net
 
Reprints & Permissions
International Editions: 
INTL
 
AS
 
AT
 
AUS
 
DE
 
ES
 
IN
 
JP
 
MX
 
NL
 
PL
 
ZA