This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic.Learn moreOK, Got it
Marketing Platform

Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities. See how.

Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses

Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.

See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises

Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.

See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams work together in one environment where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.

Chris Murphy, Head of Digital Experience, Adidas

Integrated solutions for every marketer.
Analytics

Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.

Data Studio

Bring your data to life with engaging, customizable reports.

Optimize

Test variations of your sites and apps.

Surveys

Get fast, reliable opinions from real people.

Tag Manager

Manage all your tags without editing code.

Campaign Manager 360

Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.

Display & Video 360

Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.

Search Ads 360

Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.

Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.

New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.

Read more
Stay in the know.

Explore articles, white papers, and other resources to help inform your marketing and analytics decisions.

CASE STUDY
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
FEATURE BRIEF
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
GUIDE
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
See all resources
Let’s partner up.

Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.

Find a partner
Help when you need it.

We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.

Get support

Follow us

About Google Marketing Platform
Overview
For Small Businesses
For Enterprise
Learning & support
Support
Blog
Analytics Academy
Skillshop
Google Primer
Developers & partners
Google Marketing Platform Partners
Google Measurement Partners
Analytics for developers
Tag Manager for developers
Surveys for developers
Campaign Manager 360 for developers
Related products
Google Ads
Google AdSense
Google Ad Manager
Google Cloud
Firebase
More from Google
Think with Google
Business Solutions
Google Workspace
Privacy
Terms
About Google
Google Products
 Help
Change language or region
中文（简体中文)
Deutsch
English (UK)
English (US)
Español
Français
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Português (Brasil)