Sign in
Get started
Keep life organized and work moving—all in one place

Dropbox gives you secure access to all your files. Collaborate with friends, family, and coworkers from any device.

Find the plan for you
Do more with your files
Store and sync

Keep all your files securely stored, up to date, and accessible from any device.

Share

Quickly send any file—big or small—to anyone, even if they don’t have a Dropbox account.

Stay secure

Keep your files private with multiple layers of protection from the service trusted by millions.

Collaborate

Manage tasks, track file updates, and stay in sync with your teams and clients.

What can Dropbox help you do?

Dropbox brings everything—traditional files, cloud content, and web shortcuts—together in one place.

Get 2 GB of cloud storage for free with Dropbox Basic

Save and access your files from any device, and share them with anyone. Discover what Dropbox can do for you—get a free account, no strings attached!

Learn more
Dropbox Plus has room for all your content with space to spare
Dropbox Family is a place for everyone with space for everything
Make life easier for you and your clients with Dropbox Professional
Streamline your document workflow with HelloSign
Centralize and secure all your team files with Dropbox Standard
DocSend lets you track, analyze, and optimize your content
Take control of your company’s content with Dropbox Advanced
How will you use Dropbox?
For Work

Work efficiently with teammates and clients, stay in sync on projects, and keep company data safe—all in one place.

Get Dropbox for work
For personal use

Keep everything that’s important to you and your family shareable and safe in one place. Back up files in the cloud, share photos and videos, and more.

Get Dropbox for personal use
Get more out of Dropbox by connecting with the tools you love

Learn more about partner integrations

Zoom

Enhance remote collaboration with Zoom instant meetings and video recordings.

Slack

Bring Slack conversations and Dropbox content together to keep teams in sync.

Adobe Creative Cloud

Easily and securely send files to clients and vendors from within Adobe Photoshop.

Microsoft Office

Easily access, edit, and share Office docs online in Dropbox.

Google Workspace

Create, edit, and share Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides in Dropbox.

Trello

Collaborate on team projects in Trello with Dropbox content.

Canvas

Upload course files or assignments straight from Dropbox to Canvas.

Asana

Track all of your team’s work with Asana while keeping Dropbox content alongside.

Trusted by over 600 million users and 500,000 teams

View more customer stories

“Dropbox has been tremendously helpful for social media. I can hop on anytime and pull whatever photo is inspiring me to post.”

Read the full story
Mary Ashley Krogh (MAK), Illustrator and Graphic Designer

“Dropbox increased our team’s collaboration while working from home, which has increased our flexibility and could revolutionize our office culture.”

Adam Montgomery, Senior Manager of Programming, Sundance Film Festival

“We’re a grass-roots nonprofit. When we use a tool that the rest of the design world uses, it helps professionalize our organization.”

Ann Kappes, Director of Art Partnerships at Creativity Explored

“Dropbox easily allows me to transfer what’s in my mind to another person.”

Murray Bell, Founder and Executive Creative Director of Semi Permanent

“Our team is working remotely—everyone's in a different time zone. Dropbox is a great hub for us to all work at once and seamlessly share files.”

Sophia Chang, Illustrator and Designer

“Dropbox version control is very important. You may want to go back to an earlier version because there's an idea in there that you really like.”

Sahir Zaveri, CEO of King Children

“Creative growth happens when you don’t have to worry about managing storage.”

Andi Scull, Founder and Creative Director, HOPE Organization
01/07
Get organized. Get working. Get Dropbox.
Explore plans
Dropbox
Desktop app
Mobile app
Integrations
Features
Solutions
Do more than store
Security
Advance access
Products
Plus
Professional
Business
Enterprise
HelloSign
DocSend
Plans
Support
Help center
Contact us
Privacy & terms
Cookie policy
Cookies & CCPA preferences
Sitemap
Learning resources
Community
Blog
Developers
Community forums
Referrals
Company
About us
Jobs
Investor relations
ESG
Partners