Skip to main content
Harvard University
1
site notification
Search
Menu
Harvard University
Our neighbors in the animal kingdom have always fascinated, confused, and inspired us. Through research and observation, we can better understand them and ourselves.
Anemones and their enemies

A team of researchers from Nicholas Bellono’s lab has discovered how the trigger system of jellyfish and sea anemones stinging works on a molecular level.

Read more about the mechanisms behind stingers
Butterﬂies

How do these seemingly fragile creatures survive so well?

What more can we learn about their evolutionary process?

A clue to biodiversity?

A study reveals a surprising amount of gene flow between butterfly species.

Learn more about how butterflies evolved

Unlocking the colors of insect vision

Scientists have found a novel way to isolate light-sensitive proteins, which may lead to evolutionary insights.

Read more about butterfly vision
Butterfly wings inspire air-purification improvements

Researchers are developing a new type of catalytic coating that is inspired by the honeycomb-like nanostructure of a butterfly’s wing.

Read more about butterfly wings
Highways and the health of butterflies

A Graduate School of Design studio is exploring the relationship between the health of insect populations and the health of our landscapes.

Read more about butterfly health
Animal mimicry

How do some animals achieve abilities far beyond humans?

How can we copy and gain those abilities?

Learning to school

Fish-inspired robots coordinate movements without any outside control.

Read the Wyss Institute article

Snake feet

Snake skin-inspired grips could help seniors keep their footing.

Read more about these grippers
The tentacle bot

An octopus-inspired robot can grip, move, and manipulate a wide range of objects.

Read more about these grabbers
Healing slime

A slug goo-inspired bandage could be a tough yet flexible treatment for babies in the womb.

Read more about this goo
The evolution of evolution

Why do animals look and act like they do?

Did they look and act differently before?

Seeing squid more clearly

Harvard researchers shed new light on squid eye development and convergent evolution.

Read more about the evolution of squid eyes

A modern-day Darwin

Trailblazing biologist and beloved mentor E. O. Wilson passed away in 2021. He was a leading expert on ants, insects, and biodiversity, pioneering the field of sociobiology, which sought to explain the evolutionary basis behind social behavior.

How did vertebrates go from the water to the land?
A new wrinkle in the wolf-to-dog evolution
New paper suggests the Spinosaurus may have been aquatic
How flightless birds evolved
The evolution of the snake body plan
Art’s long obsession

Why have so many artists taken inspiration from animals?

What can that teach us about history?

Face to face

Explore the portraits of Harvard’s Museum of Natural History animals by Jana Matusz.

View the exhibition

Animals in children's literature
Explore the virtual exhibit
Silver fox head cup
Learn about this vessel
How mapmakers used animals to document the world
Learn about the maps
Stories inspired by animal encounters
Learn about Will Mackin's book
Creatures on campus
See all the animals on campus
Whale painting with a purpose
Learn more about the intersection of art and endangered animals
Animals from ancient Egypt
Learn about ancient Egypt's fascination with animals
Tiger shadow puppet
Learn about the tiger
Creatures’ comforts

Are we responsible for protecting animals?

What kind of rights should animals have?

The laws of nature

According to Harvard Law School lecturer Jonathan Lovvorn, saving the planet and its inhabitants from climate catastrophe begins with the world’s most vulnerable population: animals.

Read more on The Harvard Gazette

The vegans are coming

In replicating the look and taste of real meat, companies are appealing to the mainstream consumer.

Learn more about new meatless options
“Fellow Creatures”

In her new book, Arthur Kingsley Porter Professor of Philosophy Christine Korsgaard makes the case that humans are not inherently more important than animals and therefore should treat them much better than we do.

Learn more about Christine Korsgaard’s work
The gift of a good life

A gift to Harvard Law School’s Animal Law & Policy Program is improving quality of life for farm animals both in the U.S. and globally.

Learn more about this Law School program
Security & Brand
Report Copyright Infringement
Report Security Issue
Trademark Notice
Website
Accessibility
Digital Accessibility
Privacy Statement
Get In Touch
Contact Harvard
Maps & Directions
Jobs

© 2022 The President and Fellows of Harvard College

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
0:00
0:00