Skip to content ↓
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Education Research Innovation More ↓
Search
Explore websites, people, and locations
What are you looking for?

“Chronic pain is a major societal issue,” Fan Wang says. “As scientists, it’s our duty to tackle this problem.” Her studies of how the brain controls pain may one day lead to new treatments that could help millions of people.

Feb 21, 2022 Full story Share: 
Twitter
 
Facebook
 Explore more spotlights
MORE FROM THE MIT COMMUNITY
MIT INNOVATORS

Safi Organics uses local crop residue to make organic fertilizer for rural farmers in Kenya. The company, founded by Kevin Kung SM '13, PhD '17, is helping increase crop yields and reverse acidification in soils that have been degraded by synthetic fertilizers.

IN THE MEDIA

“Despite the many ways we have been marginalized … Muslim and Middle Eastern filmmakers will continue to tell our stories — stories where our humanity is assumed, not a subject of debate,” Assia Boundaoui writes in the Los Angeles Times.

CLIMATE ACTION

​​Novel communications infrastructure from the MIT Civic Design Initiative aims to support communities on the front lines of the climate crisis.

AROUND CAMPUS

Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala MCP ’78, PhD ’81 will speak at this year’s MIT Commencement. The director-general of the World Trade Organization, former finance minister of Nigeria, and MIT alumna will address the Class of 2022 on May 27.

FEATURED VIDEO

MIT’s crew teams have produced over 30 national-team athletes throughout their 100-plus years of history. “We really have just an amazing team culture,” says junior Andrew Stoddard. “I learn a lot from the people that I’m around.”

IN THE MEDIA

The Daily Beast reports that MIT researchers have developed a solar-powered desalination system that “avoids salt buildup and could provide a family with continuous drinking water for only $4.”

Want more about MIT?

Explore more spotlights, or subscribe to receive daily or weekly doses of MIT in your inbox.

Subscribe
Education
Research
Innovation
Admissions + Aid
Campus Life
News
About MIT
Alumni
Join us in building a better world.

Massachusetts Institute of Technology

77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA, USA
Visit
Map
Events
People
Careers
Contact
Privacy
Accessibility
Social Media Hub    