SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
Monday, February 21, 2022
SUBSCRIBE FOR €0.5/WEEKLOG IN
LIVE
Putin Summons Russia’s National Security Officials
President Vladimir Putin has called an unscheduled meeting of his Security Council. The Kremlin said that “tensions are rising.”
The White House said President Biden would consider direct talks with Mr. Putin if there is no invasion of Ukraine. Here’s the latest.
A War May Hinge on These 2 Separatist Enclaves

Russian-backed separatists in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions were once largely ignored. They loom much larger now.

A temporary refugee shelter in Taganrog, Russia, on Sunday. Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times
Vladimir Putin’s choice between a major or piecemeal incursion could determine how the world reacts.
With tensions causing a spike in energy bills, Europeans are installing solar panels or firing up wood stoves.
An invasion of Ukraine would be unlike most wars of the past 80 years, David Leonhardt writes.
ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
LIVE
International Travelers Begin Arriving in Australia

The country began to reopen after nearly two years of some of the strictest pandemic policies in the world. Here’s the latest.

Paid Sick Leave Is a Key to Getting Back to Normal, Democrats Say

There were a record number of people home sick with Covid in January. Democrats are trying to revive paid pandemic sick leave.

Literary novelists are struggling with whether, and how, to incorporate Covid into their fiction.
United States ›
	Avg. on Feb. 20	14-day change
New cases	102,590
	–65%	
New deaths	2,184
	–15%	
U.S. hot spots ›
Vaccinations ›
Global hot spots ›
High cases
Ky.
Idaho
Alaska
High hospitalizations
W.Va.
Ky.
Ala.
County lookup
Mask rules
Black Farmers Fear Foreclosure as Debt Relief Remains Frozen

Lawsuits from white farmers have blocked $4 billion of pandemic aid that was allocated to Black farmers in the stimulus package.

Montinique Monroe for The New York Times
In an Arctic Outpost, Friday Nights Are for Curling

In a town with one stoplight and frigid temperatures, the sport provides women with a reason to leave their houses during the year’s darkest months.

Our Favorite Images of the Winter Olympics

Times photographers sought to capture every aspect of the Olympic Games in Beijing. These pictures were special to them.

Chang W. Lee/The New York Times
Gabriela Bhaskar/The New York Times
James Hill for The New York Times
Doug Mills/The New York Times
Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times
After Trucker Protest, Canada Asks: Was It a Blip, or Something Bigger?

The demonstrators were passionate, organized and supported financially, but it can be difficult to convert the energy of spontaneous movements into real change.

Protesters near Parliament Hill in Ottawa earlier this month.  Brett Gundlock for The New York Times
‘Nothing in Common’: Staten Island, Park Slope and an Unlikely Marriage

New congressional maps that merge conservative Staten Island with liberal Park Slope, Brooklyn, will aid Democratic efforts to seize a Republican House seat in New York.

How They Did It: Sandy Hook Families Gain Long-Awaited Legal Wins

After early defeats in Congress, relatives of those lost in the 2012 shooting fought on, besting a renowned gun maker and an infamous conspiracy theorist.

Bryan Anselm for The New York Times
ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
Pickleball Is Ready for Prime Time

As the sport continues to gain popularity, companies are looking to cash in.

Jane E. Brody joined The Times in 1965. In her final column, she reflects on the evolution she’s noticed in health advice.
See how a digital Word document becomes a book.
Maggie Shannon for The New York Times
Opinion
EZRA KLEIN
If Joe Biden Doesn’t Change Course, This Will Be His Worst Failure
GAIL COLLINS AND BRET STEPHENS
Somehow, Trump Is a Tough Act to Follow
Oleg Petrasyuk/EPA, via Shutterstock
OLGA RUDENKO
Ukraine’s President Is in Over His Head
FARAH STOCKMAN
This Is the Russia-China Friendship that Nixon Feared
ALEXANDRA HOROWITZ
Finnegan, Dog Known for His Exemplary Nose, Dies at 14
Charlotte Mei
ERICA DHAWAN
Ignoring a Text Message or Email Isn’t Always Rude. Sometimes It’s Necessary.
GABRIEL POPKIN AND LESLIE BRICE
Can a Hidden World Be Saved From an Invasive Scourge?
MARGARET RENKL
Bomb Threats Are Roiling Historically Black Colleges and Universities
ESAU MCCAULLEY
Black History Month Is About Seeing America Clearly
TISH HARRISON WARREN
Grief Stole My Love of Reading. Here’s How I Got It Back.
SARAH HAGELIN AND GILLIAN SILVERMAN
Why We Love Lazy, Drunk, Broke Women on TV
MAUREEN DOWD
Can Dems Dodge Doomsday?
SIAN BEILOCK
Mikaela Shiffrin Stumbled. What Happens Next Matters More.
VIVIANA A. ZELIZER
When We Were Socially Distant, Money Brought Us Closer
THE EDITORIAL BOARD
A Stock Trading Ban Could Help Restore Trust in Congress
Divisions Among U.S. Evangelicals
What Subscribers Are Reading
Victor J. Blue for The New York Times
The Battle Over Race, Tradition and an Elite Private School’s Mascot
Tristan Spinski for The New York Times
When the Heart Belongs to Carhartt
Photographs and composite image by Jeremy White
Moments From the Beijing Winter Games, Frame by Frame
Ernst Scheidegger, via Museum of Modern Art, New York
When Architects Made Worlds
Amir Hamja for The New York Times
Pandemic’s Economic Impact Is Easing, but Aftershocks May Linger
ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
Listen to ‘Popcast’

Mitski’s albums inspire deep feelings and attract huge audiences, but the artist remains a mystery.

Read the Dealbook Newsletter

College seniors prepare to enter a work world in flux.

Read the Cooking Newsletter

We have recommendations for what to cook this week.

Send Entries for the Modern Love College Essay Contest

In these turbulent times, are the kids all right? If you’re in college, tell us what love is like.

More News
Arab Rulers and Spy Chiefs Stashed Millions in Swiss Bank, Leak Reveals

Account data from Credit Suisse has exposed the holdings of powerful figures across the Middle East, raising new questions about self-dealing.

Risking Their Lives, for Little Pay, to Guard India’s Forests

Braving tigers and other dangers, frontline workers face difficult working conditions as they try to keep the peace between humans and wildlife.

Atul Loke for The New York Times
Dating Apps Become a New Target for Crypto Scammers

“Everything was a lie,” said one woman lured into an increasingly prevalent financial scam that combines romance with the temptation of overnight riches.

New York City Council Leader Is Caught Between Members and Mayor on Crime

Adrienne Adams will play a leading role as officials confront a spike in violence that has gained national attention.

Dead Body Is Pulled From Burning Ferry Off Greece, With 10 Still Missing
Carl Icahn Pushes McDonald’s to Change the Way It Sources Its Pork
Bernie Madoff’s Sister and Her Husband Are Found Dead in Florida
Charley Taylor, N.F.L. Running Back Turned Hall of Fame Receiver, Dies at 80
Hank the Tank, a 500-Pound Bear, Ransacks a California Community
Michigan and Wisconsin Basketball Game Ends With Altercation
Rodent Infestation at Family Dollar Warehouse Leads to Hundreds of Closures
Well
Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press
What’s Going On With Vaccines for Kids Under 5?
Illustration by Ben Denzer; Photograph by Getty Images
How Not to Help a Friend in Need
Karolin Schnoor
After Testing, Taking a Chance on an ‘Imperfect’ Pregnancy
iStock
Why Your Grumpy Teenager Doesn’t Want to Talk to You
Till Lauer
Only Children Are Not Doomed
ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
Culture and Lifestyle
At Billie Eilish’s Arena Show, the Only Spectacle Is Herself

The 20-year-old musician’s staging at Madison Square Garden was minimal compared to many pop extravaganzas.

Nicole Fara Silver for The New York Times
In Brazil, a Museum Within a Museum Restores a Legacy

An Afro-Brazilian activist envisioned a museum of Black art. More than 70 years later, it has taken up residence at the Inhotim Institute.

In This Roasted Orange Chicken, the Fruit Shines

The peel is as important as the juice in this fresh take on American Chinese home cooking from Genevieve Ko.

Concrete Is Now a Finishing Touch

Traditionally used industrially, concrete has become a preferred medium for those who seek austere and unusual décor.

Fashion’s Favorite London Canteen

The Rocha family — Max, Simone, John and Odette — opens a restaurant.

New York Times Cooking
Christopher Simpson for The New York Times
French Onion-Braised Lamb Shanks With Barley
Susan Spungen for The New York Times
Giant Cinnamon Roll Scone
Romulo Yanes for The New York Times
Instant Pot Carrot-Saffron Risotto
Johnny Miller for The New York Times
Creamy Avocado-Miso Dressing
David Malosh for The New York Times
Winter Squash and Wild Mushroom Curry
Recommendations From Wirecutter
The Best Innerspring Mattresses

Shopping for mattresses can be a nightmare, and searching specifically for an innerspring model is its own special hell. Let us help.

Immerse Yourself With Over-Ear Headphones

We’ve tested hundreds of pairs. Here are the best.

Sarah Kobos
Prepare Your Power Outage Tools and Supplies

A power outage can be a minor inconvenience, a threat to health and safety or anything in between.

Pajamas We Love

A comfy, well-made set of pajamas is downright restorative any time of day. Time to get cozy.

ADVERTISEMENT
Continue reading the main story
Play
Spelling Bee

How many words can you make with 7 letters?

The Crossword

Get clued in with wordplay, every day.

Letter Boxed

Create words using letters around the square.

Tiles

Match visual elements and keep your chain going.

Vertex

Connect the dots to reveal the hidden picture.

Your tracker settings

We use cookies and similar methods to recognize visitors and remember their preferences. We also use them to measure ad campaign effectiveness, target ads and analyze site traffic. To learn more about these methods, including how to disable them, view our Cookie Policy.
Starting on July 20, 2020 we will show you ads we think are relevant to your interests, based on the kinds of content you access in our Services. You can object. For more info, see our privacy policy.
By tapping ‘accept,’ you consent to the use of these methods by us and third parties. You can always change your tracker preferences by visiting our Cookie Policy.

ACCEPT
REJECT
Site Information Navigation
© 2022 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions