Download now
Your personal browser

Faster, safer and smarter than default browsers. Fully-featured for privacy, security, and so much more. See more

Download Opera
What can you do in Opera Browser?
 Browse fast, secure and ad-free on mobile and desktop
 Chat with friends directly in your browser
 Connect your devices with Opera and share files easily
 Surf the web with enhanced privacy and free VPN

See all features

Ditch the default

With its built-in ad-blocker, free VPN, integrated messengers, crypto wallet, and so much more, Opera offers a complete web experience you can’t get from system defaults such as Chrome, Safari and Edge.

Chosen by 350+ million

While other browsers force their use by coming pre-installed on devices, Opera is chosen by hundreds of millions of users because of its superior performance.

Security you can rely on

For over 25 years, Opera has been at the forefront of expanding browser technology ensuring that users have the highest security, privacy, and flexibility online.

Future proof

Opera is shaping the web in innovative and unexpected ways, most recently becoming the first browser to support Web 3. We’re just scratching the surface of what's possible online, and few are better placed than Opera to build this future.

Ready?

It’s easy to switch to Opera

You know when you don't want to do something, like go out, but a friend makes you and then you're really glad you did. This is one of those situations.

Let’s switch

Discover Opera’s gaming products
Opera Gaming

Check out the world's first gaming browser, Opera GX, plus see how easy Opera is making it to create and develop your own games.

See more

Get to know us better
Who we are

Opera is its people. International teams of developers, designers, researchers, marketers and support, united across Europe, Africa and Asia to build the best online experiences on any device. Ambitious, experimental, and collaborative - we love what we do.

Read more

You deserve a better browser

Opera's free VPN, Ad blocker, and Flow file sharing. Just a few of the must-have features built into Opera for faster, smoother and distraction-free browsing designed to improve your online experience.

Download Opera
It’s free
Services
Help
Legal
Company

Innovate and inspire, uncover the unexpected, support open standards.

Follow Opera

© 1995-2022 Opera Norway

All rights reserved

Language:

English
العربيّة
Deutsch
Español
Español Latinoamérica
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Norsk
Polski
Português
Português Brasileiro
Русский
Türkçe
Українська
Tiếng Việt
简体中文

Cookies

We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By clicking Accept cookies, you agree to the use of cookies for marketing and analytics purposes. Further information can be found in our Privacy Statement and Cookies Policy.

Accept cookies Manage cookies