Accessibility statement
Skip to main content
Sections
Democracy Dies in Darkness
Subscribe
Sign in
Ad
THE 7
Monday briefing
What you need to know: Russia summit. Canada protests. Trump’s social network. Family Dollar. Avocados. Olympic controversy. All-Star MVP.
Read or listen3 min.
CRISIS IN UKRAINE
(Michael Robinson Chavez/The Washington Post)
LIVE
Biden agrees ‘in principle’ to summit with Putin if Ukraine is not invaded
6:30 a.m.
Ukraine rejects Russian claims of intensifying attacks as disinformation
6:28 a.m.
Ukraine calls on Europe to sanction Russia now
6:17 a.m.
Russian forces to stay in Belarus until NATO withdraws nearby forces
Putin may go to war to capture Ukraine. With Belarus, he did it without firing a shot.
By Robyn Dixon and Mary Ilyushina
U.S. claims Russia has list of Ukrainians ‘to be killed or sent to camps’ following a military occupation
By John Hudson and Missy Ryan
Marcus Arbery is pictured in his son Ahmaud Arbery’s bedroom with a portrait that was given as a gift after his son was slain in Brunswick, Ga. (Reuters)
The hate-crimes trial of Ahmaud Arbery’s killers highlights everyday racism — and casual gun culture in Georgia community
By David Nakamura
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn takes on McDonald’s over pig welfare
By Bryan Pietsch
RetropolisThe Past, Rediscovered
Why George Washington has two birthdays — and neither falls on Presidents’ Day
By Gillian Brockell52 minutes ago
BREAKING NEWS
Nearly half of Washingtonians don’t like Commanders name, Post poll finds
By Nicki Jhabvala and Emily Guskin22 minutes ago
(Patrick Doyle/Reuters)
Police regain control of most of Canada’s capital; holdouts persist
By Miriam Berger
Stephen Curry’s record 16 three-pointers in the All-Star Game cap the NBA’s historic evening
By Ben Golliver
BEIJING OLYMPICS
Denied a medal ceremony, U.S. skaters are leading an anti-doping movement
By Les Carpenter
OPINIONS
Putin warned the West 15 years ago. Now, in Ukraine, he’s poised to wage war.
Opinion by David Ignatius
Recent presidential history gives us little reason to relax on Presidents’ Day
Opinion by the Editorial Board
Washington, Lincoln and the work they left behind
Opinion by E.J. Dionne Jr.
Yes, Georgetown should fire an academic for a racist tweet
Opinion by Paul Butler
Russian Olympic abuses keep happening. When will child athletes be protected?
Opinion by Joan Ryan
Hong Kong’s ‘zero covid’ days are over. Where’s the exit plan?
Opinion by Keith B. Richburg
Ad
MORE TOP STORIES
Va. health dept. faces questions about science behind masks-optional policy
By Jenna Portnoy
One dead, five injured in shooting in Portland, Ore., near site of protests against police violence
By Alexandra Baumhardt, Annabelle Timsit and Reis Thebault
From left, Keke Palmer, Seth Meyers and Andy Cohen. (AUGUST and Getty Images)
From The Magazine
How do you host television in 2022?
Hosts were once just supposed to guide us from commercial break to commercial break. Now, we want them to help us make sense of the world.
By Anna Peele
Fathers or students: Black men in college often face a choice
By Danielle Douglas-Gabriel
McIlroy blasts Mickelson as two more stars pledge loyalty to PGA Tour
By Des Bieler
Trump properties in talks to host Saudi golf events
Family Dollar closes 400 stores, recalls products after FDA finds dead rodents in warehouse
By Annabelle Timsit
Here comes Tuesday, 2-22-22. (It can mean anything you want it two.)
By Maura Judkis1 hour ago
Post ReportsPodcast
Road-tripping through a divided state
55 min
Add to:Apple Podcasts,Google Podcasts,Stitcher
BEIJING OLYMPICS
Every U.S. medalist at the 2022 Winter Games
By Courtney Kan, Emily Wright and Toni L. Sandys
Which country won the most medals? See the full count.
Photos: Highlights from the Closing Ceremonies
By Washington Post Staff
Games close without breaking China's carefully enforced script
Perspective
Olympic leaders need to learn: Inaction isn’t neutral. It’s abdication.
By Jerry Brewer
GUIDE TO THE PANDEMIC
California unveils plan to become first state to treat coronavirus as ‘endemic’
By Lateshia Beachum and Adela Suliman
With Americans tired of pandemic, disease experts preach caution and face a ‘kill the messenger’ moment
By Joel Achenbach
DON’T MISS
A Rhodes scholar barista and the fight to unionize Starbucks
By Greg Jaffe
LauncherVideo Games News & Analysis
You shouldn’t cheat at Wordle. But here’s a weird way that you can.
By Mike Hume
Perspective
Carolyn Hax: Is it stupid to stay with someone after an ‘unforgivable’ deception?
By Carolyn Hax
Perspective
My lifelong dream hasn’t panned out. Should I give up or keep trying?
By Galadriel Watson
THE WASHINGTON POST MAGAZINE
The Capitol Steps in 2011 at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center in Washington. (Jeff Wolfram)
The political comedy of the Capitol Steps could not survive covid — and the bitter national divide
Their jokes were corny and lighthearted. But political humor — and America — changed.
By Graham Vyse
George Takei: ‘I maintain that without optimism, we’ve already failed’
By KK Ottesen
How a treaty signed in Marrakesh made the Library of Congress more accessible
By Danny Freedman
Date Lab
They stayed until the restaurant started putting people out
By Tanya Ballard Brown
DON’T MISS
Ad
MOST READ
1
Russia-Ukraine live updates: Biden agrees ‘in principle’ to meet Putin as invasion threat looms
2
Perspective
Carolyn Hax: Is it stupid to stay with someone after an ‘unforgivable’ deception?
3
Rory McIlroy blasts Phil Mickelson as two more stars pledge loyalty to PGA Tour
4
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn takes on McDonald’s over pig welfare
5
Opinion
Putin warned the West 15 years ago. Now, in Ukraine, he’s poised to wage war.
FEATURED VIDEO
(Video: Whitney Leaming, Erin Patrick O'Connor, Salwan Georges/Photo: Salwan Georges/The Washington Post)
For civilians in eastern Ukraine, war is already at their doorstep
Original reporting, exclusive scoops and more
Get this offer now
GAME BREAK
Mini Meta Crossword
Up for a new challenge? Solve our twist on a classic puzzle.
Play
POLITICS
(Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
Ukraine gives Biden a new lease on leadership
By Karen DeYoung and Missy Ryan
The FixAnalysis
Top 10 GOP presidential candidates for 2024, ranked
By Aaron Blake
Analysis
House impeachment managers still looking for ways to hold Trump accountable for Jan. 6
By Paul Kane
WORLD
(Chris Jackson/AFP/Getty Images)
Queen Elizabeth II tests positive for coronavirus, has mild cold-like symptoms, palace says
By Karla Adam and William Booth
Denied birth certificates, thousands of children in the UAE go without schooling and health care
By Katie McQue
A 91-year-old North Korean loyalist’s lonely battle against a long-dead U.S. general
By Andrew Jeong
Ad
NATIONAL
Dozens of pro-Ukrainian activists and Ukrainian Americans rally outside the United Nations on Thursday as world leaders gather there to discuss the increasing tension with Russia. (Getty Images)
Ukrainian Americans grieve, plead for peace as Russian conflict escalates
In recent days, the Ukrainian diaspora in the United States has been holding vigils, praying and protesting in hopes of persuading Congress, Biden and other Western leaders to aid Ukraine and impose sanctions on Russia.
By Kim Bellware and María Luisa Paúl
Perspective
New Jersey’s governor blocked the growth of its best charter schools
By Jay Mathews
One dead after helicopters crash yards away from beaches in Calif., Fla.
By Bryan Pietsch
RetropolisThe Past, Rediscovered
A century ago, Mississippi’s Senate voted to send all the state’s Black people to Africa
By Joshua Benton
SUNDAY BUSINESS
United States lifts Mexican avocado ban — averting what could have been a costly crisis
By María Luisa Paúl
Hops, hope and hardiness: How to start a craft beer pub in a pandemic
By David Wessel
Perspective
A record number of workers are becoming millionaires with their boring 401(k)s and IRAs
By Michelle Singletary
Russian drones shot down over Ukraine were full of Western parts. Can the U.S. cut them off?
By Jeanne Whalen
D.C., MD. & VA.
(Carolyn Van Houten/The Washington Post)
Va. students navigate ugly mask battle
As the adults battle over the merits of masking, Virginia students have been forced to navigate the real-life fallout.
By Hannah Natanson
People convicted of felonies could serve on juries if Md. bill is passed
By Ovetta Wiggins
Fairfax County police launch internal probe after deaths of recruit and wife
By Justin Jouvenal
What does it mean to protect national security? For some National Guard members, it means laundry duty.
By Hannah Knowles and Karoun Demirjian
Covid booster shots alongside jackpots at Maryland casinos? Yep.
By Peter Jamison
Praying and protesting in Washington, they wait for news from Ukraine
By Lauren Lumpkin
Capital Weather Gang
D.C.-area forecast: Sunny and mild today before a rainy, unsettled workweek
By Jason Samenow
Known coronavirus deaths and cases per 100,000
GOING OUT GUIDE
Review
El Mercat Bar de Tapas brings a dash of Spain to Rockville
You’ve seen ‘Van Gogh: The Immersive Experience.’ Now experience a real Van Gogh.
Perspective
Restaurant service has taken a hit in the pandemic. Here’s how to turn it around.
REAL ESTATE
Perspective
She paid off mortgage after her husband died. Should she worry that the lender hasn’t sent her the deed?
Two-bedroom, one-bathroom condo in D.C.’s Foggy Bottom lists for $343,000
Northeast Washington condo is for sale for $875,000
HEALTH & SCIENCE
Disaster news can trigger post-traumatic stress in kids thousands of miles away
By Jonathan S. Comer and Anthony Steven Dick
Loneliness can increase risk of heart disease by 27 percent for older women
By Linda Searing
A meaningful life is possible amid suffering, some therapists say
By Katherine Kam
New NASA mission sheds light on supernova
By Erin Blakemore
SPORTS
Austin Cindric celebrates after winning the Daytona 500 in Daytona Beach, Fla., on Sunday. (AP)
Austin Cindric edges Bubba Wallace for first career Daytona 500 victory
By Cindy Boren, Andrew Golden and Des Bieler
Perspective
Extraordinarily gifted and terribly modest, Charley Taylor made a difference in Washington
By Leonard Shapiro
Michigan’s Juwan Howard throws punch at Wisconsin assistant, sparking postgame melee
By Des Bieler
USWNT’s scoring drought ends thanks to a New Zealand player’s own-goal hat trick
By Steven Goff
No. 13 Maryland loses control of the Big Ten race with a 71-59 loss at No. 9 Michigan
By Kareem Copeland
LIFESTYLE
Mona Haydar and husband Sebastian Robins star in the PBS show. (Adam McCall/PBS)
Their ‘Ask a Muslim’ project went viral. Now they have a travel show about Islam in the U.S.
By Nathan Diller
Perspective
When should travelers call a U.S. Embassy or Consulate?
By Christopher Elliott
Perspective
My lifelong dream hasn’t panned out. Should I give up or keep trying?
By Galadriel Watson
INSPIRED LIFE
Identical twins turn 100, reflect on life of ‘scandal’ and joy: ‘People love that we’re still together’
By Cathy Free1 hour ago
They weren’t looking for love. But they found each other in the bleakness of a fire evacuation center.
By Sydney Page
Driving to work, a restaurant owner saw a car stopped in the road. She went over — and delivered a baby.
By Cathy Free
ADVICE
(Nick Galifianakis/For The Washington Post)
Perspective
Carolyn Hax: Is it stupid to stay with someone after an ‘unforgivable’ deception?
Ask Amy: I’m struggling to get over my relationship with a married woman
Miss Manners: What is the etiquette for announcing a mini wedding to extended family?
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT
Morris minces no words about the toll of the pandemic on his profession. (Nan Melville)
Choreographer Mark Morris reflects on the bleak state of the arts today
By Sarah L. Kaufman
‘Homer at the Bat’ at 30: The landmark ‘Simpsons’ episode that pushed the show’s boundaries
By Michael Cavna
Book Review
What’s the right process for changing the world?
By Carlos Lozada
Music Review
Noseda and the NSO bring energy to Haydn and overdue attention to Farrenc
By Michael Andor Brodeur
Perspective
Artist Gillian Wearing has long been a superstar in the U.K. She is finally being feted in New York.
By Sebastian Smee
Why you should pack physical books when you go on the road
By Michael Benanav
FOOD
This garlicky vegan rigatoni is extra creamy, thanks to a can of beans
By Joe Yonan
8 easy braises, featuring recipes for beef, chicken and vegetables
By Becky Krystal
How to cook chicken thighs and quarters — the best poultry cuts you can buy
By Aaron Hutcherson
Snack maker Hostess unveils caffeinated doughnuts as market for caffeine-spiked food heats up
By Jonathan Edwards
TRAVEL
Including news and tips from By The Way
Cruise lines say they will follow CDC coronavirus guidelines
By Hannah Sampson
Coast Guard suspends search for Carnival cruise ship passenger who reportedly jumped overboard
By Lindsey Bever
4 health experts on the covid travel precautions we should keep
By Hannah Sampson
In the Bay Area, an early-20th-century estate and its stunning gardens offer period drama year-round
By Helen Carefoot
DIVERSIONS
Comics
Crosswords
Mah Jongg
Sudoku
Wordwipe
Horoscopes
Solitaire
TV Listing
Company
About The Post
Newsroom Policies & Standards
Diversity and Inclusion
Careers
Media & Community Relations
WP Creative Group
Accessibility Statement
Get The Post
Become a Subscriber
Gift Subscriptions
Mobile & Apps
Newsletters & Alerts
Washington Post Live
Reprints & Permissions
Post Store
Books & E-Books
Newspaper in Education
Print Archives (Subscribers Only)
e-Replica
Today’s Paper
Contact Us
Contact the Newsroom
Contact Customer Care
Contact the Opinions team
Advertise
Licensing & Syndication
Request a Correction
Send a News Tip
Report a Vulnerability
Terms of Use
Digital Products Terms of Sale
Print Products Terms of Sale
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Submissions & Discussion Policy
RSS Terms of Service
Ad Choices
washingtonpost.com © 1996-2022 The Washington Post
;