 
Create a website you're proud of

Discover the platform that gives you the freedom to create, design, manage and develop your web presence exactly the way you want.

Get Started

Try Wix. No credit card required.

The Freedom to Create the Websites You Want

Design and build your own high-quality websites. Whether you’re promoting your business, showcasing your work, opening your store or starting a blog—you can do it all with the Wix website builder.

Get Started
Build Your Unique Online Presence

To create your own website, follow these steps:

Customize your site

Pick a template and customize anything, or answer a few questions and get a free website designed just for you.

Add advanced features

Start your own blog, add an online store and accept bookings online. You can always add more features as you grow.

Edit your mobile view

Check out the mobile-optimized version of your site. Switch to the Mobile Editor to personalize it even more.

Optimize for search engines

Answer a few questions about your website, location and keywords and get a personalized SEO plan to get found online.

Start Now
Professionally Designed Website Templates

Choose from 500+ customizable website templates that are built to meet your business needs.

See All Website Templates

Blog

Business

Online Store

Design

Photography

Education

Wix Editor
Total Design Freedom

Start from scratch or choose from over 500 designer-made templates that you can fully  customize using the drag and drop website builder. Make your site come to life with video backgrounds, scroll effects and animation. With the Wix Editor, you can create your own professional website exactly the way you want it.

Get Started
Wix ADI
Get Online Fast

Answer a few simple questions and Wix ADI (Artificial Design Intelligence) will instantly build a personalized website just for you. Choose your style, change the layout and add any features you need for your business, like an online store or booking system. When you’re ready, go live in a click.

Get Started
Velo by Wix
Open Dev Platform

Build professional web applications with serverless computing and hassle-free coding. Manage all your content from integrated databases, add your own code in the built-in IDE or work in your own environment, and connect to 100s of APIs. Plus, you get total design freedom from the Wix Editor and optimized business applications.

Get Started
Get Professional Features for Your Website

Make your own website and get built-in tools to grow your business online.

Online Store

Start selling online and grow your business with a powerful eCommerce platform.

Create an Online Store
Learn How
Professional Blog

Create a blog with built-in features to grow your reach and build a community.

Create a Free Blog
Learn How
Custom Domains

Get a professional domain name that matches your business and brand.

Get Custom Domain Names
Online Scheduling Software

Let clients book appointments or services and pay online.

Discover Wix Bookings
Logo Maker

Design your own professional logo and build your brand online.

Try Wix Logo Maker
SEO Tools

Improve your visibility on search engines with a full range of SEO features.

Find Out More
Manage, Promote and Grow Your Business Online

Create a website with the Wix website builder and use the built-in professional business suite to promote and manage your business—all in one place. Generate leads and drive conversions with Email Marketing, Facebook Ads, Landing Pages and customer management tools. Then track your success and make data-driven decisions on how to improve with Wix Analytics.

Get Started
How to Create a Free Website

Follow these 6 simple steps to create a website today.

Sign up for a free website builder. Choose what kind of website you want to create.

Customize a template or get a website made for you. Choose your starting point.

Drag and drop 100s of design features. Add text, galleries, videos, vector art and more.

Get ready for business. Add an online store, booking system, members area and blog.

Publish your website and go live. Start building your professional online presence.

Drive traffic to your site. Use advanced SEO tools and integrated marketing solutions.

Get Started
Learn How to Create a Website
Why the Wix Website Builder Is the Best Choice for You

With 85% of consumers searching online before making a purchase, it’s never been more important for your business to have a website. 

 

Create a free and professional website using Wix. With over 500 customizable, eye-catching templates, free reliable web hosting, powerful SEO tools and 24/7 customer care, Wix is more than just a website builder, it’s a complete online business solution.

 

Sell your products with built-in ecommerce features, and take bookings for your services. Use the integrated marketing and customer management tools to help drive sales and conversions.

 

Over 180 million people worldwide have chosen Wix to create a free website. And you can do it, too.

Get Started
Spark Your Creativity

Follow the latest trends, improve your skills with how-tos and get inspired by case studies on the Wix Blog.

Explore the Blog

How to Create a Beautiful One-Page Website

How to Create an Authentic Brand Identity

Best Portfolio Websites to Fuel Your Inspiration

Top 9 Web Design Trends in 2021 You Don’t Want to Miss

FAQ

1.

Is it easy to build a website?

Yes. Wix offers a few different ways to create your own free website, so you can choose the creation process that works best for you. Need to get online fast? Answer a few simple questions and Wix ADI (Artificial Design Intelligence) will build a professional website for you in under 10 minutes. If you want 100% design freedom, start from scratch and drag and drop the website design features you need in the Wix Editor.

2.

Can I create a website without knowing how to code?

Absolutely. Wix is user-friendly and makes it possible to build a professional website without knowing how to code. In the Wix Editor, you can drag and drop any feature you want and customize it to match the look and feel of your site. Of course, if you do know how to code, you can add advanced functionality to your site with Velo.

3.

How do I make my site mobile friendly?

Your Wix website automatically comes with a mobile-optimized version that looks great on smaller screens. The Wix Mobile Editor makes it easy to customize your mobile site even more.

4.

How do I create a free website with a custom domain?

You can create a free website with Wix that comes with a Wix domain. To instantly look more professional online, get a custom domain name. It adds credibility to your brand and helps visitors find you online. You can start building your brand by using your domain in a custom email address (info@mystunningwebsite.com), your social channels, email marketing campaigns and more.

5.

Should I use a website builder or hire a web developer?

The free Wix website builder is intuitive to use. Looking for a specific web service? Explore the Wix Marketplace to find a certified freelancer or agency at a price that fits your budget.

6.

How do I build and host my site for free?

When you create a free website with Wix, you get reliable, scalable and free web hosting. All your web content will be stored on secure servers located around the world. So no matter where your visitors come from, your site will load fast. 

7.

Can I use a website builder to create a landing page?

Absolutely! You can create any kind of website with Wix. Explore beautiful HTML landing page templates to get started today. 

8.

How do I get my website found on Google? 

Wix makes it simple to get your website found on Google. With Wix SEO Wiz, answer a few questions about your site, location and keywords and get a personalized SEO plan to get found online.

This website was designed with Wix.

 

PRODUCT

Templates
Explore
Features
Website Builder
Web Accessibility
Velo
Wix Playground
My Sites
Premium Plans
Wix SEO
Logo Maker
Create a Blog
Online Store
Wix Bookings
Restaurants
App Market
Domains
Business Email
Web Hosting
CX Software
Developers
Enterprise
Email Marketing
Website Design
Professional Tools

COMPANY

About Wix
Press Room
Investor Relations
Wix Jobs
Design Assets
Terms of Use
App Market Terms
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Security Hub
Accessibility Statement
Abuse
Affiliates
Wix Capital
Updates & Releases
Contact Us
Patent Notice
Sitemap

COMMUNITY

Wix Blog
Wix Marketplace
Student Website
Wix Encyclopedia
Partner Community

SUPPORT

Support Center
Getting Started Guide
Wix Learn
Status Page
Wix.com

Wix.com is a leading cloud-based development platform with millions of users worldwide. We make it easy for everyone to create a beautiful, professional web presence.

Promote your business, showcase your art, set up an online shop or just test out new ideas. The Wix website builder has everything you need to create a fully personalized, high-quality free website.

© 2006-2022 Wix.com, Inc

 
 
 
 
 