検索

English

HOME > English > Privacy Policy for Fate/Grand Order ENGLISH
Corporate Data ｜ 
Principal Business ｜ 
Corporate History ｜ 
Aniplex Works ｜ 
CONTACT US ｜ 
Privacy Policy ｜ 
Aniplex of America Inc.

Privacy Policy

Last Updated and Effective: January 1st, 2020

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies only to the information collected by Aniplex Inc.,(“Aniplex”), through “Fate/Grand Order (English)” application (the “Application”) . The websites and other properties of Aniplex and/or its affiliate companies, including some that are linked to/from the Application, may have different privacy policies; therefore, please review the privacy policy notices on those websites or properties if you visit them.
This Privacy Policy explains the information that Aniplex may collect when you interact with us and our practices with respect to that information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review the applicable Terms and Conditions for the Application, which govern your use of the Application.

Collection of Information:

Information You Provide to Aniplex
We may ask you to provide information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as e-mail address, your game ID (unique identifier that is automatically allocated to your device) and your user name used in the game ("Personal Information"). If you choose not to provide this information, you may not be able to access parts of or otherwise participate in the Application or a particular feature we offer.
“Fate/Grand Order (English) application” is open only to individuals who are 16 years of age and older. We do not knowingly seek or collect information from persons younger than 16 years of age. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from a person younger than 16 years of age through the Application, we will take reasonable measures to delete such information from our records.

Information Aniplex Collects Automatically
In addition to any information, including Personal Information, that you choose to submit to the Application, whenever you visit or interact with the Application, Aniplex, as well as any third-party analytics providers or other service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Application is used ("Usage Information"). Usage Information is treated as Personal Information where required by law.
Aniplex may also automatically collect and use your in-game actions and achievements, as well as your IP address or other unique identifiers ("Device Identifiers") for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, "Devices") you use to access the Application. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a property or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the Application.

Information We Receive from Third Parties
Aniplex may receive information about you from third parties, including service providers working on Aniplex’s behalf. For example, if you are on another property and you opt-in to receive information from us, that property may forward to us your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. We may also supplement the information we collect about you with outside records from third parties to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you, and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information received, unless we have disclosed otherwise.

How Aniplex Uses the Information It Collects and Your Choices
Aniplex will use the information it collects, including your Personal information: (i) to operate and provide the features/ functions of the Application for you (ii) to provide you with support and answer questions or other requests, (iii) to improve the Application and our products and services; (iv) for internal business purposes; (v) to contact you with regard to your use of the Application; (vi) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information; and (vii) otherwise with your consent.

When and With Whom Aniplex May Share Information Collected
California residents, please see the section below regarding your California privacy rights.
We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information, and Usage Information with third parties for a variety of purposes, including tailoring Aniplex promotions, advertising and communications we present to you.
We may also share your information, including your Personal Information, as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances:

Aniplex. We may share your Personal Information within and among entities affiliated with or related to us that are in the Aniplex group (collectively, “Affiliates”), some of which are outside the scope of this Privacy Policy, for any purpose, including but not limited to, (i) ( business development; (ii) community administration or development; (iii) support of various business processes; (iv) security; (v) research and development; and (vi) enabling us to link your accounts and Usage Information between and amongst certain Aniplex properties. We may also share your Personal Information as indicated above so that Affiliates may use your information in connection with any of the purposes described above in the Section entitled “How Aniplex Uses the Information It Collects.” Affiliates that do not use this Privacy Policy will handle your information in accordance with their own privacy policies, the terms of which may be different than this Privacy Policy.

Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf. We may from time to time employ third parties to perform functions on our behalf; examples include hosting or operating the Application; providing customer support and performing data analysis. We may share Personal Information with third parties for them to provide content, complete a requested transaction or otherwise perform services for Aniplex.

Business Transfers. Aniplex or any of its assets, including the Application, may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which your Personal Information is one of the key business assets for the transaction. In such a case, your Personal Information may be one of the business assets we transfer. Hence, Aniplex and our Affiliates reserve the right to disclose and transfer user information, including Personal Information in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, reorganization, the sale of certain stock and/or assets, or other corporate change including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.

Legal Protections and Law Enforcement. We may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information and Device Identifiers (including IP addresses), to third parties: to comply with a legal obligation; to prevent fraud; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce Aniplex’s Terms and Conditions or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our Properties or the public. We may also use Device Identifiers to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies, in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.

Security; Retention and Monitoring
Unless otherwise required by law, we are not responsible for monitoring or recording any activity on the Application, including communications, although we reserve the right to do so.
To help protect you and others, we monitor use of the Application, and we use the Personal Information and other information we collect, in order to: identify fraudulent activities and transactions; prevent abuse of and investigate and/or seek prosecution for any potential threats to or misuse of the Application; ensure compliance with the applicable terms of service and this Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these agreements; and otherwise to protect the rights and property of us, our partners, and customers. Monitoring may result in the collection, recording, and analysis of online activity or communications through the Application. If you do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the Application.
We seek to maintain reasonable security measures designed to help protect your information against unauthorized or accidental disclosure, access, misuse, loss, or alteration. There is no such thing as perfect security. Although we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
We may retain information about you as long as it is necessary for us to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may retain your information for an additional period as is permitted or required to, among other things, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. Where and when required by applicable law, we shall delete your information. Even if we delete your information from active databases, the information may remain on backup or storage media.

Consent to Processing
The Properties are operated in and intended for use in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Properties, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.

CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
Our Practices Regarding Collection and Use of your CA Personal Information
If you reside in California, we are required to provide additional information to you about how we collect, use and disclose your information, and you may have additional rights with regard to how we use your information. We have included this California-specific information below.
CA Personal Information. Consistent with the "Collection of Information" section above, we may collect certain categories of information about California residents ("CA Personal Information"), specifically:
Personal Identifiers: such as e-mail address, your game ID (unique identifier that is automatically allocated to your device) and your user name used in the game;
Other Identifiers: such as, Device Identifiers, IP address, or other unique identifiers; and Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity: Such as in-game actions and achievements, Usage Information, computer and connection information
Sources of CA Personal Information. Consistent with the "Collection of Information" section above, we may collect CA Personal Information from the following sources:
Directly from Consumers: such as when you voluntarily provide CA Personal Information to us when registering on the Application; and
Third-Party Business Partners: such as service providers working on Aniplex’s behalf;
California Consumer Rights. Subject to certain exceptions, as a California resident, you may have the following rights to your CA Personal Information:
Access. Request access to your CA Personal Information that we have collected, used, disclosed, or sold within the preceding 12 months;
Deletion. Request deletion of your CA Personal Information; and
CA Personal Information Sold or Disclosed For Business Purposes. Request information about the CA Personal Information we have "sold" (as defined under CCPA) or disclosed for business purposes within the preceding 12 months.
Please note, if you request deletion of your CA Personal Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may be required to retain some of your CA Personal Information to fulfill consumer requests. In addition, certain CA Personal Information is strictly necessary in order for us to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to exercise a right listed in this section, you may submit a request to support@fate-go.us
Exercising Your Rights. If you are a California resident and wish to exercise any of these rights, please: access the webform applicable to your request as described above. When submitting your request, you must include your first and last name, and email address. We are not responsible for requests that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. You may be asked to provide additional proof of identification so that we can verify your identity, and we may require that you validate the request. Please note that you are limited by law in the number of requests you may submit per year.
We will not discriminate against you by offering you different pricing or products, or by providing you with a different level or quality of products, or in connection with promotions and other offerings, based solely upon you exercising your rights to your CA Personal Information.
Authorized Agents: To the extent that you elect to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, they must provide appropriate documentation including a written signed permission form from you, proof of your identity, and verification of their identity; or a valid, designated power of attorney, as required under the California Probate Code. We may require additional proof of authority or may need to contact you directly to validate the request.


“Do Not Sell My Personal Information.” You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your CA Personal Information. If you wish to exercise this right, you may submit a request to https://fate-go.us/privacy/do_not_sell_my_personal_information.html

Policy Governs Use: Changes to Privacy Policy
Aniplex reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice to you, and any changes will become effective immediately upon posting, so please review this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Application prior to the change becoming effective.

Questions
If you have any questions or comments about our practices regarding Personal Information or about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at support@fate-go.us

© Aniplex Inc. All rights reserved.