Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important toMagic Photo Editor:Foto Repair and we are committed to protecting your privacy. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.




PERSONAL INFORMATION




Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.




We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you send an error report and other activities.




Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.




In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:




(1) Your prior permission;




(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;




(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;




(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.




NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION




Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your Android ID, CPN model, memory size, phone model, rom, installed application name and package name etc.




We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, country, equipment and channel.




If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.







PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION




We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.




When you use some products, services, or post your comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.







PRIVACY QUESTIONS




If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please email us at zh9181497@gmail.com.




We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.

Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
LEARN MOREGOT IT